Tom is truly an inspiration to us all.
Tom is the one that agreed to do that.
Tom is the guy that agreed to do that.
Tom is the breadwinner in this family.
Tom is taking a wait-and-see attitude.
Tom is scheduled to testify on Monday.
Tom is really troubled by what he saw.
Tom is probably going to let Mary win.
Tom is probably going to get homesick.
Tom is probably going to be suspended.
Tom is probably going to be objective.
Tom is probably going to be depressed.
Tom is probably going to be concerned.
Tom is out for the rest of the season.
Tom is our strongest defensive player.
Tom is on another phone at the moment.
Tom is now recovering in the hospital.
Tom is never going to suspect a thing.
Tom is never going to leave you alone.
Tom is never going to forgive himself.
Tom is never going to figure this out.
Tom is never going to consent to that.
Tom is looking for a house to live in.
Tom is likely to still be unavailable.
Tom is likely to still be embarrassed.
Tom is likely going to be sympathetic.
Tom is likely going to be pessimistic.
Tom is likely going to be discouraged.
Tom is hoping it doesn't come to that.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom is going to show you how to do it.
Tom is going to need physical therapy.
Tom is going to keep his word, I hope.
Tom is going to have to take a chance.
Tom is going to have to go without us.
Tom is going to have to get over that.
Tom is going to go to Boston, I think.
Tom is going to go fishing by himself.
Tom is getting the hang of doing that.
Tom is getting his life back on track.
Tom is famous both at home and abroad.
Tom is collecting material for a book.
Tom is among those scheduled to speak.
Tom is also a three-time NBA champion.
Tom is a lot better-looking in person.
Tom hopes the charges will be dropped.
Tom hit Mary and gave her a black eye.
Tom held office for over thirty years.
Tom hasn't given us an answer on that.
Tom hasn't been very good this season.
Tom hasn't been heard from since then.
Tom has to walk a fine line right now.
Tom has three children to provide for.
Tom has only hinted at his intentions.
Tom has nothing to do with me anymore.
Tom has made rapid progress in French.
Tom has finally shown his true colors.
Tom has finally emerged from his coma.
Tom has been following Mary for weeks.
Tom has been appointed another lawyer.
Tom has a chance to do the same thing.
Tom had to overcome many difficulties.
Tom had one theory, and I had another.
Tom had never smoked marijuana before.
Tom had blood coming out of his mouth.
Tom had at least three gunshot wounds.
Tom had a chance to do the same thing.
Tom grew up with a handicapped sister.
Tom got mad at his son for being lazy.
Tom finally found Mary in the library.
Tom expressed his condolences to Mary.
Tom exchanged his cow for three goats.
Tom eventually showed his true colors.
Tom doesn't want to implicate himself.
Tom doesn't need you to do that again.
Tom does seem to be quite a gentleman.
Tom died at the scene of the accident.
Tom didn't wait around for a decision.
Tom didn't think that was good enough.
Tom didn't so much as apologize to me.
Tom didn't smoke marijuana that night.
Tom didn't seem to take it personally.
Tom didn't seem to find that annoying.
Tom didn't return until early October.
Tom didn't know what happened to Mary.
Tom didn't kill his wife and children.
Tom didn't intend to agree to do that.
Tom didn't have to explain everything.
Tom didn't have any women in his life.
Tom didn't have a successful business.
Tom didn't consider his age a problem.
Tom did that perfectly the first time.
Tom did that in a very diplomatic way.
Tom did both things and did them well.
Tom devised a plan to steal the money.
Tom deserves credit for being careful.
Tom denied rumors that he would leave.
Tom dared Mary to jump over the ditch.
Tom couldn't see where he was driving.
Tom could tell you who didn't do that.
Tom could no longer contain his anger.
Tom could hear Mary breathing heavily.
Tom converted his house into a museum.
Tom chose not to cast a deciding vote.
Tom changed all that once and for all.
Tom certainly made it sound fantastic.
Tom certainly is making progress here.
Tom can't stick to anything very long.
Tom can't decide anything for himself.
Tom came up with an implausible story.
Tom came three minutes after I called.
Tom broke one of the bones in his leg.
Tom breathed heavily through his nose.
Tom bought a new house in the country.
Tom became famous as a mystery writer.
Tom asked Mary to come into the house.
Tom armed himself with a baseball bat.
Tom and Mary would argue all the time.
Tom and Mary were made for each other.
Tom and Mary were charged with murder.
Tom and Mary stayed in separate rooms.
Tom and Mary spent some time together.
Tom and Mary never had a disagreement.
Tom and Mary moved towards each other.
Tom and Mary met to discuss the issue.
Tom and Mary had a rocky relationship.
Tom and Mary became better acquainted.
Tom and Mary aren't going to back off.
Tom and Mary are still awaiting trial.
Tom and Mary are out of the woods now.
Tom and Mary are meant to be together.
Tom and Mary are meant for each other.
Tom and Mary are hoping to avoid that.
Tom and Mary are going to protect you.
Tom and Mary are being very proactive.
Tom and I were on the same wavelength.
Tom and I love our children very much.
Tom and I avoided each other for days.
Tom and I are still dating each other.
Tom always invites himself for dinner.
Tom always has something witty to say.
Tom always had something witty to say.
Tom admitted to shouting ethnic slurs.
Tom addressed the letter to his uncle.
Tom's wallet was still in his pocket.
Tom's trial is scheduled for October.
Tom's story eventually became a book.
Tom's plan took an unexpected detour.
Tom's fate will be decided by a jury.
Tom's fate is in the hands of a jury.
Tom's body was the first to be found.
Tom's body was found on October 20th.
Tom wouldn't like it if I didn't win.
Tom works for a big department store.
Tom won't wait around for a decision.
Tom won't do that unless he wants to.
Tom wished he could rewind the clock.
Tom will stay to have dinner with us.
Tom will remain behind bars for good.
Tom will probably be unfazed by that.
Tom will likely find some way to win.
Tom will get back to you in a second.
Tom went to see Mary at the hospital.
Tom went missing on October 20, 2013.
Tom was good at every sport he tried.
Tom was found murdered in his garage.
Tom was desperate to get out of jail.
Tom was depicted as a violent person.
Tom was dead before the fire started.
Tom violated the terms of his parole.
Tom turned to his parents for advice.
Tom thinks he can get away with this.
Tom takes me everywhere I need to go.
Tom suspected that Mary was involved.
Tom submitted his manuscript in 2013.
Tom stuck a flower in his buttonhole.
Tom stretched and took a deep breath.
Tom stood up and reached for his hat.
Tom stood still with his eyes closed.
Tom stepped aside so Mary could pass.
Tom stared at me with his mouth open.
Tom sometimes cries himself to sleep.
Tom sings as well as plays the piano.
Tom simply doesn't have enough money.
Tom should be the player of the year.
Tom should be paying that money back.
Tom shot Mary while she was sleeping.
Tom settled down and raised a family.
Tom seems to have gotten the message.
Tom seems to be aware of my feelings.
Tom seemed to enjoy insulting people.
Tom seemed to be under the influence.
Tom seemed to be in a sort of stupor.
Tom screwed things up all by himself.
Tom saw that Mary was still sleeping.
Tom realized the mistake he had made.
Tom put the eggs in the refrigerator.
Tom put an awful lot of work into it.
Tom promised to do that without fail.
Tom needs to be expelled from school.
Tom might be willing to sing for you.
Tom looks like he's going to explode.
Tom looked like he was flabbergasted.
Tom knows he has a lot to live up to.
Tom knew that they were watching him.
Tom kindly answered all my questions.
Tom isn't likely to be disrespectful.
Tom isn't leaving anything to chance.
Tom isn't as greedy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as frugal as he used to be.
Tom isn't as famous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as driven as he used to be.
Tom is very familiar with the system.
Tom is the same person he always was.
Tom is supposed to be here somewhere.
Tom is still investigating the cause.
Tom is so stupid it's not even funny.
Tom is saving up to go to university.
Tom is probably going to get charged.
Tom is probably going to come by cab.
Tom is probably going to be unbiased.
Tom is probably going to be truthful.
Tom is probably going to be punctual.
Tom is probably going to be obedient.
Tom is probably going to be confused.
Tom is now under pressure to do that.
Tom is now ranked third in the world.
Tom is now in jail on murder charges.
Tom is never going to listen to Mary.
Tom is never going to get my support.
Tom is never going to amount to much.
Tom is neither at home nor at school.
Tom is likely to still be supportive.
Tom is likely to still be optimistic.
Tom is likely to still be frustrated.
Tom is likely to still be despondent.
Tom is likely going to be suspicious.
Tom is likely going to be reasonable.
Tom is likely going to be interested.
Tom is likely going to be handcuffed.
Tom is likely going to be frustrated.
Tom is likely going to be frightened.
Tom is going to return home tomorrow.
Tom is going to know what that means.
Tom is going to have to get in there.
Tom is going to have no other choice.
Tom is going to fit in well, I think.
Tom is going to find out soon enough.
Tom is due back in court next Monday.
Tom is doing that just to spite Mary.
Tom is definitely going to cooperate.
Tom is coming over to play with Mary.
Tom is an exceptional French teacher.
Tom is also an avid surfer and skier.
Tom is a three-year old Canadian boy.
Tom inherited his mother's blue eyes.
Tom hit me on the head with a hammer.
Tom hasn't gotten away with anything.
Tom has three hundred head of cattle.
Tom has started breathing on his own.
Tom has served as a judge since 2013.
Tom has promised to help us tomorrow.
Tom has good reason to be doing that.
Tom has eyes in the back of his head.
Tom has done that three times so far.
Tom has been through this many times.
Tom has been excused from doing that.
Tom has a long history of drug abuse.
Tom had an awesome weekend in Boston.
Tom had a profound effect on my life.
Tom grew up in the suburbs of Boston.
Tom forced his way into Mary's house.
Tom ended his relationship with Mary.
Tom doesn't think very highly of you.
Tom doesn't seem to be very friendly.
Tom doesn't have to show me anything.
Tom doesn't have much to gain either.
Tom doesn't have a job to go back to.
Tom doesn't believe I didn't do that.
Tom died last year of a heart attack.
Tom didn't want to lose his children.
Tom didn't want to implicate himself.
Tom didn't think too much about that.
Tom didn't take his eye off the ball.
Tom didn't seem to pay Mary any mind.
Tom didn't mention the group by name.
Tom didn't give us an answer on that.
Tom didn't even look over the papers.
Tom didn't blame anybody but himself.
Tom did that to create a distraction.
Tom did that primarily for the money.
Tom describes his music as different.
Tom couldn't even lift his briefcase.
Tom couldn't be reached Monday night.
Tom could've been fascinated by that.
Tom could run fast when he was young.
Tom continues to support the project.
Tom certainly learned a lot that day.
Tom certainly knows all of this, too.
Tom certainly knows about it already.
Tom caused a scene at Mary's wedding.
Tom can only communicate by blinking.
Tom can make people feel appreciated.
Tom came to my high school in Boston.
Tom came in and immediately sat down.
Tom burned all of Mary's possessions.
Tom buried Mary in the shallow grave.
Tom brings out the best in everybody.
Tom brings home the bread and butter.
Tom boarded a train bound for Boston.
Tom became famous all over the world.
Tom beat the odds and was successful.
Tom beat Mary to death with a hammer.
Tom attended the meeting in my place.
Tom asked Mary to stop following him.
Tom arrived from Australia on Monday.
Tom and Mary worked around the clock.
Tom and Mary were pretty inseparable.
Tom and Mary were almost inseparable.
Tom and Mary pretended to be married.
Tom and Mary live on the same island.
Tom and Mary clearly love each other.
Tom and Mary are on a rescue mission.
Tom and Mary are made for each other.
Tom and Mary are in for a tough ride.
Tom and Mary are fighting to survive.
Tom and Mary are due in court Monday.
Tom and Mary are a fun-loving couple.
Tom and I became the best of friends.
Tom almost always laughs at my jokes.
Tom actually has a really good voice.
Tom actually has a pretty good voice.
Tom acted appropriately at all times.
Tom accused Mary of stealing his car.
Tom accused Mary of ruining his life.
Tom's work is far from satisfactory.
Tom's trial is set for October 20th.
Tom's stats for the season are here.
Tom's plane spiraled out of control.
Tom's motives were never determined.
Tom's gamble seems to have paid off.
Tom's experiment appears to be over.
Tom's body was found Monday morning.
Tom's blood was found in Mary's car.
Tom wouldn't have just let Mary win.
Tom wouldn't care if you didn't win.
Tom will only have himself to blame.
Tom will be extradited to Australia.
Tom will attend Harvard in the fall.
Tom went to college to study French.
Tom went missing on Valentine's Day.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform then.
Tom wasn't able to attend the trial.
Tom wasn't a confrontational person.
Tom was tired of not doing anything.
Tom was planning on killing someone.
Tom was perplexed by Mary's request.
Tom was having the time of his life.
Tom was born and educated in Boston.
Tom was armed with an assault rifle.
Tom wanted people to know the truth.
Tom unwillingly agreed to help Mary.
Tom took part in the massive search.
Tom took my hands and squeezed them.
Tom took advantage of the situation.
Tom talked as if he knew everything.
Tom takes everything as a challenge.
Tom swam fast enough to win a medal.
Tom stood with his back to the wall.
Tom stood up and took a deep breath.
Tom stayed with the team until 2013.
Tom stayed in jail for three months.
Tom simply didn't have enough money.
Tom should've never acted like that.
Tom should be willing to take risks.
Tom should be determined to do that.
Tom shook his head as he drove away.
Tom served as headmaster until 2013.
Tom seemed worried about his health.
Tom seemed a little hard on himself.
Tom saw the gunman pull the trigger.
Tom received a phone call from Mary.
Tom really got to know his students.
Tom owns a 30,square foot house.
Tom must not find out what happened.
Tom might not be interested in that.
Tom made an appearance at the party.
Tom looked away and then back again.
Tom left the team after three games.
Tom knows every inch of this island.
Tom kicked me under the table again.
Tom kicked everyone out of the room.
Tom kept most of us at arms' length.
Tom just shook his head and laughed.
Tom isn't going anywhere without me.
Tom isn't doing a very good job now.
Tom isn't as witty as he used to be.
Tom isn't as weird as he used to be.
Tom isn't as scary as he used to be.
Tom isn't as pudgy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as nasty as he used to be.
Tom isn't as lucky as he used to be.
Tom is very compassionate, isn't he?
Tom is very close to Mary, isn't he?
Tom is the star witness in the case.
Tom is so involved in the community.
Tom is recovering at a rehab center.
Tom is pleased at his son's success.
Tom is now in a stable relationship.
Tom is never going to see you again.
Tom is never going to sanction this.
Tom is never going to go back there.
Tom is looking for a place to sleep.
Tom is likely to still be disgusted.
Tom is likely to still be available.
Tom is likely to be unfazed by that.
Tom is likely going to win tomorrow.
Tom is likely going to be terrified.
Tom is likely going to be suspended.
Tom is likely going to be skeptical.
Tom is likely going to be exhausted.
Tom is likely going to be concerned.
Tom is likely going to be awake now.
Tom is just trying to buy some time.
Tom is going to pay for what he did.
Tom is going to make it without you.
Tom is going to lend a hand as well.
Tom is going to have to do the work.
Tom is going to have to be replaced.
Tom is going to have his hands full.
Tom is going to have a baby brother.
Tom is going to be safe where he is.
Tom is going to be running the show.
Tom is encouraging everyone to come.
Tom is an authority on criminal law.
Tom is also close friends with Mary.
Tom is a cashier at a grocery store.
Tom is a bit rough around the edges.
Tom insists wage cuts are necessary.
Tom hired Mary to work at his store.
Tom headed over to Mary's apartment.
Tom hasn't made his schedule public.
Tom hasn't lost his fighting spirit.
Tom hasn't begun to see any clients.
Tom has two daughters, both married.
Tom has three young kids of his own.
Tom has three months left in office.
Tom has starred in several TV shows.
Tom has no previous criminal record.
Tom has made an impressive comeback.
Tom has made a lot of things happen.
Tom has his whole life ahead of him.
Tom has been serving time in prison.
Tom has been outstanding all season.
Tom has been on board since October.
Tom has been known to make mistakes.
Tom has an uncle whose name is John.
Tom had nothing but praise for Mary.
Tom had no reason to want Mary gone.
Tom had no reason to want Mary dead.
Tom got lost in Mary's neighborhood.
Tom gave Mary the option of leaving.
Tom felt like he was being followed.
Tom failed to appear at his hearing.
Tom expected to hear back from Mary.
Tom expected to be killed by police.
Tom entered the room after you left.
Tom enrolled Mary in a karate class.
Tom emerged from the crash unharmed.
Tom dumped Mary's body in the woods.
Tom dumped Mary's body in the river.
Tom dumped Mary for a younger woman.
Tom doesn't want to be found guilty.
Tom doesn't seem to be very relaxed.
Tom doesn't mind the added workload.
Tom doesn't charge for his services.
Tom doesn't celebrate his birthdays.
Tom doesn't believe in gay marriage.
Tom doesn't believe in an afterlife.
Tom died from a gunshot to the head.
Tom didn't talk to reporters Monday.
Tom didn't set out to be a designer.
Tom didn't seem to be very friendly.
Tom didn't make any specific threat.
Tom didn't leave any stone unturned.
Tom didn't include that in the book.
Tom didn't have to give me anything.
Tom didn't have much to gain either.
Tom didn't do a lot on Monday night.
Tom didn't deserve to die like that.
Tom did something totally senseless.
Tom did his best only to fail again.
Tom dictated another letter to Mary.
Tom couldn't identify his assailant.
Tom couldn't be reached for comment.
Tom could've been afraid to do that.
Tom could scarcely believe his eyes.
Tom could be kissing Mary right now.
Tom cooks things for me that I like.
Tom convinced Mary to get him a gun.
Tom continued to fire at the police.
Tom continued to do that until 2013.
Tom chased after the car, screaming.
Tom certainly has big shoes to fill.
Tom can't help making fun of people.
Tom can't have been there yesterday.
Tom began thinking about the future.
Tom attached the trailer to his car.
Tom asked that he not be identified.
Tom and Mary started out as friends.
Tom and Mary shared a meal together.
Tom and Mary probably died together.
Tom and Mary make a handsome couple.
Tom and Mary have the same problems.
Tom and Mary are stuck here for now.
Tom and Mary are running out of air.
Tom and Mary are in kind of a hurry.
Tom and Mary are dying to meet John.
Tom and Mary are beautiful together.
Tom and Mary are as tired as we are.
Tom and Mary are almost inseparable.
Tom and I were talking about Boston.
Tom and I had nothing to talk about.
Tom and I had a heart-to-heart talk.
Tom and I got into a terrible fight.
Tom agreed to take a polygraph test.
Tom agreed to let Mary teach French.
Tom agreed to let Mary study French.
Tom's trial is set for next Monday.
Tom's testimony continues tomorrow.
Tom's lungs were filled with water.
Tom's life was saved by penicillin.
Tom's life took an unexpected turn.
Tom's knife was covered with blood.
Tom's kidneys are starting to fail.
Tom's illness took an unusual turn.
Tom's home was obviously ransacked.
Tom's family used to have servants.
Tom's condition is still not known.
Tom's body was found in a dumpster.
Tom's body has yet to be recovered.
Tom's behavior became more erratic.
Tom's base salary will be $300,000.
Tom wouldn't let Mary study French.
Tom wouldn't let Mary speak French.
Tom would never take money from me.
Tom won't likely be self-conscious.
Tom won't be able to pull that off.
Tom will probably be disrespectful.
Tom will be the next person to die.
Tom went as far as Boston by train.
Tom wasn't where he should've been.
Tom wasn't allowed to teach French.
Tom wasn't allowed to study French.
Tom wasn't allowed to speak French.
Tom wasn't able to explain himself.
Tom was standing right behind Mary.
Tom was involved in a car accident.
Tom was getting increasingly angry.
Tom was determined to study French.
Tom was accompanied by his parents.
Tom usually laughs at Mary's jokes.
Tom took another look into the box.
Tom told Mary why he needed to win.
Tom stopped and cleared his throat.
Tom started the season with a bang.
Tom started the season ranked 13th.
Tom spotted a ship in the distance.
Tom slid some money into my pocket.
Tom showed no remorse at the trial.
Tom shoved Mary back into the room.
Tom should've been more supportive.
Tom should be put on suicide watch.
Tom should be desperate to do that.
Tom should be able to speak French.
Tom shook his head as if to say no.
Tom served three years in the Navy.
Tom served in the U.S. Coast Guard.
Tom served as president until 2013.
Tom seems to be on the right track.
Tom seems hesitant to speak French.
Tom ripped the poster off the wall.
Tom remains in a serious condition.
Tom ran past without noticing Mary.
Tom probably thought Mary had died.
Tom picks up on things really fast.
Tom passed away three months later.
Tom looked like he was overwhelmed.
Tom looked like he could've helped.
Tom looked at me like I was insane.
Tom lives in a beautiful apartment.
Tom left his wife and married Mary.
Tom left his wife and his children.
Tom isn't spontaneous, but Mary is.
Tom isn't likely to be sympathetic.
Tom isn't likely to be pessimistic.
Tom isn't likely to be intoxicated.
Tom isn't as weak as he used to be.
Tom isn't as ugly as he used to be.
Tom isn't as tidy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as thin as he used to be.
Tom isn't as sophisticated as I am.
Tom isn't as rude as he used to be.
Tom isn't as poor as he used to be.
Tom isn't as neat as he used to be.
Tom is very meticulous in his work.
Tom is traveling on a tight budget.
Tom is tired of not doing anything.
Tom is survived by three daughters.
Tom is staying at a friend's house.
Tom is standing behind the curtain.
Tom is so lucky to have this place.
Tom is probably going to be lonely.
Tom is probably going to be hungry.
Tom is probably going to be afraid.
Tom is never going to stay with me.
Tom is making a big deal out of it.
Tom is looking to rent a new place.
Tom is likely to still be unafraid.
Tom is likely to still be offended.
Tom is likely to still be annoying.
Tom is likely to still be agitated.
Tom is likely to get off scot free.
Tom is likely to be self-conscious.
Tom is likely going to be punished.
Tom is likely going to be punctual.
Tom is likely going to be prepared.
Tom is likely going to be confused.
Tom is likely going to be arrested.
Tom is just taking care of himself.
Tom is in a relationship with Mary.
Tom is having the time of his life.
Tom is going to tell me everything.
Tom is going to succeed eventually.
Tom is going to speak to the crowd.
Tom is going to show you the ropes.
Tom is going to return before 2:30.
Tom is going to handle the details.
Tom is going to get Mary some help.
Tom is getting closer to the truth.
Tom is due back in court next week.
Tom is definitely going to help me.
Tom is an author, poet and teacher.
Tom is among those unaccounted for.
Tom is always spoiling for a fight.
Tom is a long-time Boston resident.
Tom is a bright and articulate guy.
Tom interviewed the Jackson family.
Tom immediately accepted the offer.
Tom hopped in his car and took off.
Tom hasn't slowed down this season.
Tom hasn't announced his next move.
Tom has proven it's still possible.
Tom has performed around the world.
Tom has overcome many difficulties.
Tom has only had three girlfriends.
Tom has no one else he can rely on.
Tom has never been in a helicopter.
Tom has let the cat out of the bag.
Tom has gone to get us some coffee.
Tom has been playing well all year.
Tom has been fighting for his life.
Tom has become a very close friend.
Tom has an aunt whose name is Mary.
Tom has a large collection of guns.
Tom has a 30,square foot house.
Tom had to be helped off the court.
Tom had some rough years in Boston.
Tom had a profound influence on me.
Tom got the short end of the stick.
Tom got in trouble with the police.
Tom got excited when he heard that.
Tom found a surprise in his locker.
Tom found a dead body in the woods.
Disappointed as they may be, they're not as disappointed as I am.
Tom folded his arms over his chest.
A man must look out for his own interests in these hard times.
Tom finished his chores in no time.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done that.
Tom eyed the stranger suspiciously.
Bargains can be found if you know what to look for.
Tom examined it from top to bottom.
Does it bother you if people smoke in your house?
Tom entered the priesthood in 2013.
Didn't you know I didn't have a driver's license?
Tom dropped me off at my apartment.
Do you know the person who painted this picture?
Tom doesn't want to tell the truth.
Are there sometimes earthquakes where you live?
Tom doesn't seem to be heartbroken.
Each year seems shorter than the previous one.
Tom doesn't seem to be comfortable.
Don't you think we should send for the doctor?
Tom doesn't have a clue what to do.
Do you talk about these things much in Boston?
Tom doesn't do that very carefully.
Do you know that we have changed the schedule?
Tom disappeared shortly thereafter.
Are you still satisfied with the service here?
Tom died at the scene of the crash.
Fire is the only thing that can kill zombies.
Tom died at a relatively young age.
Don't you have anything a bit less expensive?
Tom didn't talk until he was three.
Do you believe you can get there on your own?
Tom didn't seem to be very relaxed.
Hopefully, we can put all of this behind us.
Tom didn't mind the added workload.
Every time I think about it I get choked up.
Tom did that against Mary's advice.
Do you see anything wrong with this picture?
Tom did speak briefly to the media.
Do you really want to do that all that much?
Tom did get the last laugh, though.
Have you ever had lunch in this restaurant?
Tom denies the charges against him.
Doing that was harder than I ever imagined.
Tom denies nothing to his children.
Aren't you going to show me where you work?
Tom declined to speak to the media.
Have you ever been called cheap or stingy?
Tom couldn't have been more polite.
Don't you want to know who didn't do that?
Tom could do that again eventually.
At what age did you go on your first date?
Tom chose to stay on the sidelines.
Here's a piece of paper you can write on.
Tom came to Boston for the weekend.
Every language has its own peculiarities.
Tom brought back several souvenirs.
Does your son like going to kindergarten?
Tom blushed at his foolish mistake.
Boston is a very expensive place to live.
Tom began dialysis in October 2013.
Aren't you expecting something to happen?
Tom became financially independent.
Don't you find it overwhelming at times?
Tom became deaf from the explosion.
Doing that was the sensible thing to do.
Tom attributes his success to luck.
Do you always have to have your own way?
Tom asked if he could speak French.
Boston is the city I want to visit next.
Tom asked Mary to go check on John.
Are you still doing what you want to do?
Tom asked Mary to be his assistant.
Are you currently saving for retirement?
Tom arranged a blind date for Mary.
Have you ever been called a workaholic?
Tom applied a bandage to the wound.
Everything has been turned upside down.
Tom appeared to be glad to be back.
Don't you think we should raise prices?
Tom and Mary were finally reunited.
Dealing with the families is difficult.
Tom and Mary were buried in Boston.
All his novels have become bestsellers.
Tom and Mary want to change things.
Have you ever lost any sensitive data?
Tom and Mary texted back and forth.
Have you been waiting for a long time?
Tom and Mary shared many interests.
Do people who are impolite bother you?
Tom and Mary love each other madly.
Are you still happy with your new job?
Tom and Mary have common interests.
Are you still happy with your new car?
Tom and Mary ended up splitting up.
Are you in a hurry to sell your house?
Tom and Mary are violent criminals.
Have you thought about selling yours?
Tom and Mary are dying to meet you.
Have you seen a beached whale before?
Tom and Mary are calling the shots.
Does that give you cause for concern?
Tom and Mary are barely getting by.
Does doing that make me a bad person?
Tom and John are long-time buddies.
Do you know that part of the country?
Tom and I were among the onlookers.
Do you have a relevant point to make?
Tom and I lost sight of each other.
Do you have a bad feeling about this?
Tom and I came to an understanding.
Do you feel your life is in jeopardy?
Would you mind if I changed the channel?
There wasn't anything I could do to help.
There wasn't anything that I could do to help.
Does Tom think that he can do that?
Do you think Tom was impressed?
Do you think Tom that was impressed?
Do you think the boss was impressed?
Do you think that the boss was impressed?
Are you still convinced this is the right thing to do?
Are you still convinced that this is the right thing to do?
Are you saying Tom was busy?
Are you saying that Tom was busy?
Are you saying you don't want to do this?
Are you saying that you don't want to do this?
Are you saying you don't want to do that?
Are you saying that you don't want to do that?
Are you saying you aren't going to do that?
Are you saying that you aren't going to do that?
Are you sure that Tom did that?
Are you sure Tom cheated?
Are you sure that Tom cheated?
Are you sure Tom ate?
Are you sure that Tom ate?
Are you certain that Tom did that?
Are you certain Tom cheated?
Are you certain that Tom cheated?
Are you absolutely sure Tom was the one who did that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom was the one who did that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom did that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom did that?
Am I the only who's not having any fun?
Am I the only who isn't having any fun?
I think Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I think that Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I'm sure that Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
Tom admitted he was biased.
Tom admitted that he was biased.
Tom admitted he was baffled.
Tom admitted that he was baffled.
Tom admitted he was heartbroken.
Tom admitted that he was heartbroken.
Tom admitted he'd been drinking.
Tom admitted he was the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom promised to pay Mary three hundred dollars to babysit his kids for the weekend.
Tom promised to pay Mary three hundred dollars to babysit his children for the weekend.
I was kind of hoping we could do that today.
I was kind of hoping that we could do that today.
Things don't always happen the way you expect.
Things don't always happen the way you expect to happen.
Things don't always happen the way you expect to.
Things don't always happen the way we expect.
Things don't always happen the way we expect to happen.
Things don't always happen the way we expect to.
I really wish I could've helped you more.
I really wish that I could've helped you more.
That was one of the best decisions I've ever made.
That was one of the best decisions that I've ever made.
I hope that Tom had a good time.
I hope that you had a good time.
I think Tom is planning a trip.
I think that Tom is planning a trip.
There's a good chance I won't be able to do that.
There's a good chance that I won't be able to do that.
It turned out Tom wasn't alone.
It turned out that Tom wasn't alone.
That's something I should've done a long time ago.
That's something that I should've done a long time ago.
It's a good thing Tom did that.
Many people believe global warming is irreversible.
Many people believe that global warming is irreversible.
That's one of the hardest decisions I've ever made.
That's one of the hardest decisions that I've ever made.
At that time, I thought it was important to do that.
At that time, I thought that it was important to do that.
That's something Tom has to do.
That's something that Tom has to do.
We would've come back if we'd known you wanted us to.
We would've come back if we'd known that you wanted us to.
I think they could've at least served us some coffee.
I think that they could've at least served us some coffee.
You'd never try to do that by yourself, wouldn't you?
You wouldd never try to do that by yourself, wouldn't you?
The only thing we can do is wait and see what happens.
The only thing that we can do is wait and see what happens.
That was one of the most important decisions I ever had to make.
That was one of the most important decisions that I ever had to make.
I wanted to be sure that's what we were supposed to be doing.
I wanted to be sure that that's what we were supposed to be doing.
Do you think Tom will let us go?
Do you think that Tom will let us go?
It's something we talk about quite often.
It's something that we talk about quite often.
It's something we talk about quite a bit.
It's something that we talk about quite a bit.
Personally, I think Tom is nuts.
Personally, I think that Tom is nuts.
It was clear Tom was upset.
It was clear that Tom was upset.
That's one reason Tom got fired.
That's one reason that Tom got fired.
How do you think you'll get home?
How do you think that you'll get home?
Aren't you sorry you didn't do that?
Aren't you sorry that you didn't do that?
I ate the same thing Tom did.
I ate the same thing that Tom did.
Some people think Tom is arrogant.
Some people think that Tom is arrogant.
That's something Tom needs to do.
That's something that Tom needs to do.
That's something Tom wants to do.
That's something that Tom wants to do.
I certainly hope Tom is here.
I certainly hope that Tom is here.
I really hope Tom is here.
I really hope that Tom is here.
I didn't know Tom was still alive.
I didn't know that Tom was still alive.
I hope Tom didn't suffer too much.
I hope that Tom didn't suffer too much.
Tom and I both felt like outsiders.
Do you expect anything to come of it?
Tom advised me not to speak French.
Do you believe that will be the case?
Tom admitted that was just a guess.
Did your husband leave you any money?
Tom actually has a very good voice.
Did you not question what it was for?
Tom acted like something was wrong.
Did this experience bring you closer?
Tom acted as if he hadn't heard me.
Can you get this prescription filled?
Tom abandoned his car in the woods.
Are you ready to go treasure hunting?
Tom Jackson is armed and dangerous.
Are you having trouble getting dates?
Tom's testimony shocked the court.
Are you drinking what we're drinking?
Tom's story is an interesting one.
Are you comfortable wearing that hat?
Tom's house is just down the road.
All baggage is subject to inspection.
Tom's hard work has been rewarded.
Have you ever written a best seller?
Tom's entire life has been ruined.
Have you been affected by the crash?
Tom's condition is listed as poor.
Do you think that's a turning point?
Tom's body was found in the river.
Do you think that cost you your job?
Tom's body was found in the ashes.
Do you know what cold-blooded means?
Tom's body was found early Monday.
Do you have snow tires for your car?
Tom wouldn't stop studying French.
Do you even know what you're saying?
Tom works at a meat packing plant.
Do you consider this your best work?
Tom won't likely be disrespectful.
Did you see anything you recognized?
Tom won't let anyone speak French.
Could you please provide a citation?
Tom won't ask you to speak French.
Can't you tell smoke from steam yet?
Tom will probably be found guilty.
Can't you let me be a friend to you?
Tom will probably be disorganized.
Can't we just decide that right now?
Tom will likely be self-conscious.
Can you suggest a good place to eat?
Tom will ask Mary if she can swim.
Can I let you in on a little secret?
Tom went in a different direction.
Are you still waiting for something?
Tom wasn't the next person to die.
Are you still staying at this hotel?
Tom wasn't involved, but Mary was.
Are you smarter than a third grader?
Tom was the one who insulted Mary.
Are you prepared for severe weather?
Tom was surrounded by his friends.
Today will be a tiring day for you.
Tom was studying French yesterday.
Have you heard the way people talk?
Tom was starting to doubt himself.
French is the language spoken here.
Tom was so much in love with Mary.
Do you have any worries about them?
Tom was named officer of the year.
Do you expect the bank to go under?
Tom was just looking out for Mary.
Do you always have a good appetite?
Tom was involved, but Mary wasn't.
Didn't I just tell you not to sing?
Tom was invited to Boston by Mary.
Did you two compete in high school?
Tom was inspired, but Mary wasn't.
Did you stay for the entertainment?
Tom was here yesterday doing that.
Did you read either of the studies?
Tom was found and rescued by Mary.
Did you pay the phone bill in time?
Tom was convicted of killing Mary.
Did you lose your train of thought?
Tom teaches Sunday school classes.
Could you expand on what you meant?
Tom talks as if he were a teacher.
Can't you hear how silly it sounds?
Tom stuck his knife into the tree.
Can you imagine being born a slave?
Tom stood looking at the painting.
Are you still trying to impress me?
Tom stood in line with his father.
Are you seeing any specific trends?
Tom stood in line to buy a ticket.
Are you on board with the decision?
Tom stood aside for Mary to enter.
Are you just now figuring this out?
Tom stole a book from the library.
Are you guys still sharing a place?
Tom stepped down a few months ago.
A little more pepper wouldn't hurt.
Tom soon recovered from the shock.
A few more hours and we'll be done.
Tom served in the Army until 2013.
Don't you just love happy endings?
Tom seemed to be really out of it.
Don't get high and mighty with me.
Tom said something to that effect.
Don't eat while you're doing that.
Tom remained silent during dinner.
Doing that wouldn't make us happy.
Tom received only 30% of the vote.
Doing that doesn't look dangerous.
Tom received a lot of compliments.
Does this help you sleep at night?
Tom published a book about Boston.
Do you want something to write on?
Tom probably doesn't study French.
Do you think that goes far enough?
Tom prefers to study French alone.
Do you provide any other services?
Tom prayed they'd find Mary alive.
Do you know your carbon footprint?
Tom paid for dinner and went home.
Do you know where this might lead?
Tom paced up and down the hallway.
Do you know the man who made this?
Tom only screams when he's hungry.
Do you have any upcoming exhibits?
Tom only does that in the morning.
Do you have a need for volunteers?
Tom never made it home that night.
Do you feel under pressure at all?
Tom never gave Mary a second look.
Do you ever visit during the week?
Tom must be laughing his head off.
Did you think about selling yours?
Tom might not have studied French.
Did you mean that as a compliment?
Tom might be able to teach French.
Did you even read the whole thing?
Tom may be kissing Mary right now.
Could you comment on that as well?
Tom made Mary an offer on her car.
Certainly no one was expecting it.
Tom looked like he was determined.
Can we give you a cashier's check?
Tom looked like he was astonished.
Are you suggesting that I'm wrong?
Tom knows nothing is a sure thing.
Are you still obliged to go there?
Tom knows he can't afford to fail.
Are you inspired by other artists?
Tom knows every inch of this town.
Are you in favor of me doing that?
Tom knows a lot about many things.
Are you concerned about swine flu?
Tom knows Mary won't speak French.
Are you choosing not to answer me?
Tom isn't likely to be supportive.
All your bruises have disappeared.
Tom isn't likely to be optimistic.
Have you told any lies this week?
Tom isn't as fun as he used to be.
Have you started studying French?
Tom isn't aggressive, but Mary is.
Have you had formal art training?
Tom is well qualified for the job.
Have you ever testified in court?
Tom is very lucky to have escaped.
Have you already made a decision?
Tom is truly a fascinating person.
Don't you want your friends back?
Tom is too stunned to do that now.
Do you want to solve the problem?
Tom is the third of four children.
Do you play bridge by any chance?
Tom is staying over at a friend's.
Do you need a shoulder to cry on?
Tom is set to be arraigned Monday.
Do you have animals on your farm?
Tom is self-absorbed and arrogant.
Do you have a favorite quotation?
Tom is safe and in good condition.
Do you ever worry about the risk?
Tom is resigning from the company.
Do you enjoy seeing people blush?
Tom is really looking for trouble.
Did you go directly to your room?
Tom is on the verge of doing that.
Can you build a house in a month?
Tom is now serving life in prison.
Can eating meat make you smarter?
Tom is now better off than before.
Are you worried about oil prices?
Tom is now able to sleep at night.
Are you ready for some good news?
Tom is no stranger to controversy.
Are you one of the servants here?
Tom is never going to leave early.
Are you going to the pub tonight?
Tom is never going to change that.
Are you getting what you pay for?
Tom is never going to be the same.
A little more salt wouldn't hurt.
Tom is more than twice Mary's age.
Have you lived in Boston before?
Tom is more experienced than Mary.
Forget everything I've told you.
Tom is losing his grip on reality.
Don't you want your friend back?
Tom is listed in stable condition.
Don't you want somebody to love?
Tom is likely to still be puzzled.
Don't you know how wrong it was?
Tom is likely to still be jealous.
Does your son like kindergarten?
Tom is likely to still be annoyed.
Does that sound worth it to you?
Tom is likely to be overconfident.
Does that mean I can return now?
Tom is going to return after 2:30.
Does fracking cause earthquakes?
Tom is going to need to wait here.
Do you plan that far in advance?
Tom is going to meet the Jacksons.
Do you offer any other services?
Tom is going to be returning soon.
Do you know what their fate was?
Tom is from my home state of Iowa.
Do you have any updates on that?
Tom is finally on the right track.
Do you have any regrets in life?
Tom is drinking milk from a glass.
Do you have a superhero costume?
Tom is determined to protect Mary.
Do we need to raise taxes again?
Tom is crazy about his girlfriend.
Do we at least know who sold it?
Tom is concerned about the budget.
Do they just make this stuff up?
Tom is always bad-mouthing others.
Do they do their chores on time?
Tom himself was among the wounded.
Do I have to do that over again?
Tom held that position until 2013.
Did you notice that girl at all?
Tom has survived some tough times.
Did you learn French growing up?
Tom has some information for Mary.
Did it have any negative effect?
Tom has run the office since 2013.
Could this be the end of an era?
Tom has no desire to teach French.
Can you really teach this stuff?
Tom has lived in exile since 2013.
Can you fly to Boston on Monday?
Tom has been stung by a jellyfish.
Can hot tubs make you infertile?
Tom has been speaking for an hour.
Can I go back to my TV show now?
Tom has apologized for everything.
Boston is a city worth visiting.
Tom has a few cards up his sleeve.
Are your recipes easy to follow?
Tom has a congenital heart defect.
Are you trying to tempt me here?
Tom had no desire to study French.
Are you a fan of mystery novels?
Tom had a narrow escape yesterday.
Are we getting dumber over time?
Tom gave his teachers a hard time.
Are we finally out of the woods?
Tom found a need and he filled it.
Are there limits to free speech?
Tom fixed his eyes on the ceiling.
A little practice wouldn't hurt.
Tom fell head-first from the roof.
Have you collected your things?
Tom expected Mary to study French.
Have you chosen your furniture?
Tom expected Mary to speak French.
Have you been told that lately?
Tom encouraged us to study French.
Have you been to see my father?
Tom encouraged me to speak French.
Has that problem been resolved?
Tom drove around for a little bit.
Does this bus go to Boston?
Tom doesn't want to sit near Mary.
Does all of this mean anything?
Tom doesn't want to be seen naked.
Do you worry about the outcome?
Tom doesn't want to be part of it.
Do you wish to see my passport?
Tom doesn't want to be distracted.
Do you think that was the case?
Tom doesn't seem to like you much.
Do you see that happening soon?
Tom doesn't see this as a problem.
Do you have a license for that?
Tom doesn't normally speak French.
Do you get what I'm hinting at?
Tom doesn't need to ask for money.
Do you follow any special diet?
Tom doesn't let Mary speak French.
Do you believe this to be true?
Tom doesn't deserve the publicity.
Do they pay their own expenses?
Tom does that without any problem.
Do other women think like this?
Tom discovered the truth too late.
Did you see how close that was?
Tom died before he hit the ground.
Did you find any other changes?
Tom didn't win reelection in 2013.
Did you expect it to be better?
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do that correctly.
Did you even read this article?
Tom didn't speak a word of French.
Did the other car hit you hard?
Even though Tom is a child, he knows the difference between right and wrong.
Could you push it back an hour?
Tom didn't seem to like you a lot.
Could you dumb it down a notch?
Following his term as governor, Tom Jackson retired from public life.
Can you still help me fix that?
Tom didn't seem to be heartbroken.
Can you do the last little bit?
Do you remember what Tom looked like before the plastic surgery?
Can we finish in the top three?
Tom didn't seem to be comfortable.
Can this be useful in business?
Does Tom have any understanding of the financial markets?
Can I pay that in installments?
Tom didn't seem to be celebrating.
Are you struggling to pay rent?
Does Tom have what it takes to manage a team full time?
Are you sticking to that story?
Tom didn't respond to my question.
Are you over your head in debt?
Does Tom have an alibi for the time Mary was killed?
Are we right to be so trusting?
Tom didn't have a clue what to do.
Are we right to be so cautious?
Does Tom have a bank account in the Cayman Islands?
And what would be the downside?
Tom didn't get away with anything.
Hey, don't run in the hallway.
Did Tom and Mary say they would have lunch with us?
Have you ever been in therapy?
Tom didn't even turn to face Mary.
Don't you trust me to do that?
As Tom and I were having lunch, the phone rang.
Does that make you feel smart?
Tom did that with good intentions.
Does it pay to stay in school?
Even though Tom is small, Tom is very strong.
Do you really want me to sing?
Tom did that for personal reasons.
Do you like this sort of book?
Hold down the fort while Tom and I are gone.
Do you know what crawdads are?
Tom and I speak the same language.
Do you follow any other sport?
Does Tom even know how to handle a firearm?
Do you fight with your family?
Tom and I just wanted to be alone.
Do you feel lucky to be alive?
Does Tom believe that his money was wasted?
Do we really know one another?
Tom and I fought about everything.
Didn't I go over that already?
Could tonight be Tom's last game in Boston?
Did you ever try running away?
Tom and I came to love each other.
Did someone die in this house?
Before Tom could leave, the police arrived.
Complications are pretty rare.
Tom and I bid each other farewell.
Can't we just love each other?
For Tom, the nightmare was just beginning.
Can someone give me an answer?
Tom and I are running out of time.
Can old dogs learn new tricks?
Every penny Tom makes goes to buying food.
Are you starting to get ready?
Tom always wanted to play with us.
Are you seeing a pattern here?
Does Tom have an opinion on what happened?
Are you in favor of this idea?
Tom always quarrels with his wife.
Have we changed the schedule?
Clearly, Tom prefers theater to politics.
Have dinner with us tomorrow.
Tom always puts his arm around me.
Give me back my book, please.
Has Tom been doing yoga for a long time?
Give me a lift to the subway.
Tom always helped people for free.
Everything will be as before.
Frantically, Tom looked around the room.
Every hotel in town was full.
Tom agrees with me on the changes.
Don't we need a lot of money?
Does Tom realize he could die in prison?
Doesn't that sort of get you?
Tom acted like it was no big deal.
Does this concern you at all?
Does Tom get to keep the money he stole?
Does it come with a warranty?
Tom won't let us off that easily.
Do you want to shoot the gun?
Didn't you know Tom and I were brothers?
Do you want to be a princess?
Tom and Mary are a perfect match.
Do you have any new projects?
Frustrated, Tom looked around the room.
Do you have an Android phone?
Tom and I used to be inseparable.
Do you have a different view?
Do you want to keep going out with Tom?
Do you go through red lights?
Tom and I see eye to eye on this.
Do you agree with the ruling?
Do you have a moment to talk about Tom?
Do we really trust our peers?
Tom and I go back a lot of years.
Do they have a plan for that?
Do I really need to say more about Tom?
Didn't I ask you not to sing?
Tom and I fight about everything.
Did you see the guy that won?
Didn't you know Tom and I were an item?
Did someone turn up the heat?
Tom and I believed in each other.
Call us if something happens.
Can't you see what Tom and I are doing?
As I said, we have a problem.
Tom and I ate an early breakfast.
Aren't you getting a new car?
Basically Tom is reaching out for help.
Aren't you getting a divorce?
Tom and I are the only survivors.
Am I making any sense at all?
As Tom sang, tears ran down his cheeks.
Am I getting ahead of myself?
Tom always speaks in a low voice.
All people have to do is ask.
Apparently, what Tom saw wasn't pretty.
Have you used it since then?
Tom always says the right things.
Have you set a wedding date?
Did Tom write you letters from Boston?
Everything's happening here.
Tom always said the right things.
Every hotel in town is full.
Are you spending enough time with Tom?
Even you ought to know that.
Tom always helps people for free.
Don't take it too seriously.
Does Tom return phone calls promptly?
Don't I wish that were true?
Tom addressed the letter to Mary.
Doing that wouldn't be good.
Does Tom really have any credibility?
Does it need to be this way?
Tom and I'll go somewhere alone.
Do you still have that view?
Does Tom go on like that every night?
Do you remember any of this?
Tom and I were especially close.
Do you realize what you did?
Do you remember what happened to Tom?
Do you have a plan for that?
Tom and I often chat on the bus.
Do we need all of the above?
Do you know what Tom's wages are now?
Did you have to take a test?
Tom and I just really connected.
Crime isn't the major issue.
Did Tom have an alibi for that night?
Could you explain to me why?
Tom and I had a bad falling out.
Could we visit Boston again?
Apparently, Tom was stuck in traffic.
Competition is intensifying.
Tom and I are the ones to blame.
Can you still squeeze me in?
Don't expect to hear a lot from Tom.
Can you still drive me home?
Tom already has buyers lined up.
Can someone help us, please?
Doing that nearly cost Tom his life.
Can I go to school tomorrow?
Tom almost made a clean getaway.
Can I go out tomorrow night?
Does Tom see it happening this year?
Call us if anything happens.
Tom acted as if he knew nothing.
Call us if anything changes.
Are you still going to wait for Tom?
Aren't you getting all this?
Tom and Mary are back on track.
Are your parents relocating?
Apparently, Tom is stuck in traffic.
Are you really charging $30?
Tom and I were in the audience.
Are there people who use it?
Even if Tom is busy, he'll do that.
A policeman told me the way.
Tom and I went to the cemetery.
Have you sent for a doctor?
Does Tom want me in his life again?
Have you filed a grievance?
Tom and I parted on good terms.
Have you ever wondered how?
Did you arrange for Tom to do that?
Has it all been worthwhile?
Tom and I have great chemistry.
Does it ever happen to you?
Did Tom show any sympathy for Mary?
Does any of that sound bad?
Tom and I are perfect together.
Do you work in the evening?
Apparently, Tom is going with Mary.
Do you want to turn around?
Tom always kept his mouth shut.
Do you have a waiting list?
A police officer is talking to Tom.
Do we need to control this?
Tom always has a gift for Mary.
Common sense has prevailed.
Does Tom often travel on business?
Can't we just have a drink?
Tom always finds fault with me.
Can you define that for me?
Did Tom and Mary have an argument?
Can we get out of this jam?
Tom acknowledged it to be true.
Can we afford to lose that?
Today, Tom's life is much better.
Aren't you dancing tonight?
Tom and I kissed passionately.
Are you still a journalist?
Don't give all the credit to Tom.
Are you still a Republican?
Tom and I embraced each other.
Has all the hype paid off?
Did Tom really want Mary to sing?
First day on the job, huh?
Tom and I clung to each other.
Don't you get tired of it?
Did Tom pop the question to Mary?
Doing that would be silly.
Tom and I are problem solvers.
Does your band need a van?
A few months later, Tom relapsed.
Does it matter in the end?
Tom admitted to shooting Mary.
Do you want to see a show?
Alcohol is Tom's drug of choice.
Do you want to believe it?
Tom admitted having done that.
Do you still wear glasses?
Has Tom always been so selfish?
Do you own this place now?
Tom and John swapped clothes.
Do you like being with me?
Don't expect any less from Tom.
Do you know your ancestry?
Tom and I worked like slaves.
Do you guys see something?
Do you have any news about Tom?
Do you even read the news?
Tom and I needed one another.
Do we ever really grow up?
Didn't you know Tom was crying?
Do I need to spell it out?
Tom always gets away with it.
Can we afford to be wrong?
Did Tom have a fight with Mary?
Can reform be a bad thing?
Tom and I never spoke again.
Can I keep it in the boat?
Are you serious right now, Tom?
Avoid people who are sick.
Tom and I are having supper.
Are you in the flood zone?
Have you changed Tom's diaper?
Are you guys ready for it?
Tom allegedly murdered Mary.
Are you getting any sleep?
Ask Tom what he thought of it.
Are we ready for the rain?
Tom advised Mary not to lie.
Are we on the right track?
Every day is a party for Tom.
Are we going to update it?
Tom adores his grandparents.
Are video games addictive?
Embarrassed, Tom backed away.
Are they going to go west?
Tom and Mary are available.
And now what are we to do?
Can you still make Tom smile?
Am I going to have a baby?
Tom and I need one another.
Can you still make Tom laugh?
Have you called them yet?
Tom agreed to let Mary win.
Everything was as before.
At least Tom is at peace now.
Don't you feel important?
Tom adores his grandfather.
Doesn't that cause chaos?
Aren't you interested in Tom?
Do you need most of them?
Do you love this country?
All Tom could do was fake it.
Do you feel up to a chat?
Tom became a stock broker.
Do you ever speak French?
Deep down Tom is a good guy.
Did you sleep last night?
Tom and I went spelunking.
Did you interrogate them?
At least let me talk to Tom.
Could you expand on that?
Tom and I wanted children.
Could this get any worse?
Can I test drive the car?
Tom and I carved pumpkins.
Can I express my opinion?
Certainly Tom was in on it.
Are you stoned right now?
Tom and I are backpackers.
Are you still overweight?
Today, Tom's life is good.
Are you not exaggerating?
Tom always dresses nicely.
Are you a big sports fan?
Don't ask me to kiss Tom.
Are there better options?
Tom and I took our seats.
Every year is different.
Did you have to kiss Tom?
Don't speak French here.
Tom always makes excuses.
Do you know how to kiss?
A man opened fire on Tom.
Do you know a good cook?
Tom always got top marks.
Can you still hear them?
Don't ask me to hug Tom.
Can you still hear that?
Tom almost lost his life.
Can we still get a loan?
Can someone clue Tom in?
Can I get on this plane?
Tom acted very strangely.
Are you happy to see me?
God has a plan for Tom.
Are there any discounts?
French is spoken there.
Did you really hug Tom?
Even a fool knows that.
Tom and I want children.
Do you ever go running?
Can I do that with Tom?
Could I get some juice?
Tom and I are now alone.
Aren't you at home now?
Don't make me hug Tom.
Does it happen to you?
Tom always break things.
Do I look like a fool?
Did Tom tell you this?
Come at 2:tomorrow.
Tom admired the flowers.
Can I get my job back?
Ask Tom to stop lying.
Here's what happened.
Tom and I were in love.
Here's some evidence.
At last, Tom appeared.
Few teachers do that.
Tom and I tied Mary up.
Don't just ignore me.
Has Tom reported it?
Do you hurt anywhere?
Tom and I are prepared.
Can a deal be struck?
Capture Tom alive.
Are you standing now?
Tom and I adopted Mary.
Are you in the area?
Did Tom hug Mary?
Here's the kitchen.
Tom always made us cry.
Don't eat my fries.
Did Tom admit it?
Do that over again.
Tom almost didn't cry.
Bring me some wine.
Are you like Tom?
Aren't you at work?
Tom agreed to testify.
Are you contagious?
Get Tom talking.
Don't you do that?
Tom acts like a child.
Do that, will you?
Do it, Tom.
Give me some tea.
Tom acts like a thug.
Can you go alone?
Tom actually cried.
Can I touch this?
Tom accepted that.
I was hungry and so I made something to eat.
Tom is an archaeologist, isn't he?
That's why Tom stayed with us.
In the meantime, let's listen to some music.
Tom is still not here yet.
You need to turn yourself in to the police.
Why did you hug Tom yesterday?
You'll eventually to get used to doing that.
Tom is an honest person, isn't he?
You'll eventually to get used to doing this.
Why isn't Tom married already?
I'll never understand why you didn't do that?
Tom is the same as always.
I've been studying French since last October.
Why wouldn't Tom come tonight?
How many plumbers do you know?
Tom is anxious to leave, isn't he?
I can't remember the last time I spoke to you.
Did you get that ring from Tom?
I didn't want to come here, but I came anyway.
Tom must've been dreaming.
Why do you want to sell your house?
Hopefully, Tom doesn't do that.
It's really rude to chew with your mouth open.
Tom is away on business, isn't he?
I was kind of hoping we didn't have to do that.
I can't believe Tom wrote this.
It's absolutely critical that we do this right.
Tom plans to keep working.
I didn't like Tom at that time.
I didn't know you were going to like doing that.
Tom is away on vacation, isn't he?
I haven't done anything wrong, as far as I know.
I hope Tom has a good home now.
It would probably be better if I didn't do that.
Tom sent me flowers today.
There are some extra pencils in the desk drawer.
There are some more pencils in the desk drawer.
There's a pencil in the desk drawer.
There are some pencils in the desk drawer.
Tom has agreed to let Mary do that.
I first read this book when I was in high school.
The first time I read this book was when I was in high school.
Tom is back from Boston, isn't he?
It would probably be better if we didn't do that.
I'm in the same club as Tom is.
Starting tomorrow, everything will be half price.
Tom shouldn't be drinking.
What color car do you want to buy?
If Tom does that, I'll hit him.
We have some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom is back on schedule, isn't he?
It would probably be better if you didn't do that.
Tom agrees with me on this.
Can you tell me who drew this picture?
Tom stole a car in Boston.
You didn't actually want to go to Boston, did you?
Tom agrees with me on that.
I usually take my dogs for a walk in the afternoon.
Tom is being a nuisance, isn't he?
I'd rather live in a big city than in a small town.
It's amazing how Tom does that.
It's absolute impossible to get any work done here.
Tom used to hang out here.
Don't make me eat this.
Maybe Tom is a little paranoid.
This is how we're used to doing it.
Tom is being irrational, isn't he?
Things don't always happen the way we want them to.
Perhaps Tom could've done more.
Is it true you used to be a French teacher?
Tom wouldn't discuss that.
I live in Boston now, but I used to live in Chicago.
Has that ever happened to you?
Tom is being reasonable, isn't he?
I sat in the waiting room for what seemed like hours.
That's what Tom was paid to do.
It's unrealistic to expect there to be no problems.
Tom didn't bother me today.
I'd drunk so much coffee that I couldn't fall asleep.
There's nothing Tom can't do.
Are you still waiting for something to happen?
Tom is being ridiculous, isn't he?
Are you still planning to go to Boston next weekend?
We asked Tom if he needed help.
We're about to go swimming. Would you like to join us?
Tom doesn't cry very often.
It's much more expensive to eat out than to eat at home.
All Tom talks about is baseball.
You're probably wondering who I'm going to do that with.
Tom is being supportive, isn't he?
We need to leave soon if we want to get to home before dark.
All Tom wants is an opportunity.
You look happier today than you did the last time I saw you.
Tom eventually fell asleep.
The police are still investigating the cause of the accident.
Apparently Tom has already left.
I didn't get off the airplane with the rest of the passengers.
Tom is being very brave, isn't he?
Don't you think we should leave?
Apparently, Tom likes chocolate.
I ate breakfast at the hotel at about seven o'clock this morning.
Tom had open-heart surgery.
Did they all go to Boston?
Tom and I are happy here.
I heard a familiar voice, but I couldn't remember who it belonged to.
Tom is between jobs now, isn't he?
I'll be able to see you tomorrow unless something unexpected happens.
Eventually, Tom became homeless.
I didn't know what language the people in the next room were speaking.
Tom has an aunt named Mary.
You'll never really know whether you can do that or not until you try.
Fortunately, Tom didn't do that.
I didn't make it to the station in time to catch the train I was planning to catch.
Tom is blind in one eye, isn't he?
Fortunately, Tom wasn't injured.
It's grammatically correct, but a native speaker probably wouldn't say it that way.
Tom hasn't let us down yet.
If I'd had enough time, I could've seen more of Boston.
How was Tom supposed to do that?
If you're free tomorrow, I can show you around Boston.
Tom is bothered by that, isn't he?
Has something like this ever happened to you before?
I already know Tom is a liberal.
How often does the average Canadian go to a doctor?
Tom heard someone laughing.
The only one here who knows how to do that is you.
I didn't know Tom would kiss me.
How often does the average Canadian see a doctor?
Tom is braver than I am, isn't he?
How often do pilots have to renew their licenses?
I think Tom has suffered enough.
Three years ago, I would've done the same thing.
Tom heard the door opening.
How are we ever going to get this done in time?
I think Tom should get an award.
Are you going to do something about that today?
Tom is breaking the law, isn't he?
How many years have you been driving this car?
I think maybe Tom could do that.
How many years have you been a French teacher?
Tom is a pretty bright boy.
This one is cheaper than that one over there.
I want to see Tom one last time.
My right eye is much better than my left eye.
Tom is building a house, isn't he?
Is this spaghetti sauce spicy enough for you?
I'm not sure what Tom did wrong.
How long did it take the ambulance to arrive?
Tom is currently a teacher.
Obviously, I knew that was going to happen.
I've been very patient with Tom.
Did you come by car or did you come by bus?
Tom is college-educated, isn't he?
Why are you in a hurry to sell your house?
Why are you in such a hurry to sell your house?
I've never kissed Tom in public.
Maybe you and I can travel together again.
Tom is finished doing that.
It only takes me three minutes to do that.
If Tom wants to do that, he can.
How long did it take the police to arrive?
Tom is coming back soon, isn't he?
You should do something about that today.
It doesn't matter what Tom says.
This is cheaper than that one over there.
Tom is going to assist you.
My dog doesn't get along with other dogs.
My dog doesn't get along well with other dogs.
Tom is coming home soon, isn't he?
Can you tell me who painted this picture?
Tom is going to be rescued.
Are you still looking for an interpreter?
It's natural Tom should be here.
We should do something about that today.
Tom is coming next week, isn't he?
Is there enough room for me in your car?
It looks like Tom is doing that.
It looked like Tom was going to do that.
How can you tell if a pineapple is ripe?
Tom is still not there yet.
Usually we're not very busy on Mondays.
Tom and I are having a good time here.
How many years have you been a plumber?
Tom is coming on Monday, isn't he?
How can I avoid getting eye infections?
That's what Tom would've wanted.
This medicine doesn't taste very good.
Tom is way behind schedule.
My part-time job is delivering pizzas.
This is right where Tom belongs.
Monday is our busiest day of the week.
Tom is coming to Boston, isn't he?
Is it true you used to live in Boston?
Unfortunately Tom isn't healthy.
Tickets can be purchased at the door.
Where are you going to meet Tom?
That's one less thing to worry about.
That's one less thing we need to worry about.
Tom is coming to get us, isn't he?
How often do you update your website?
Apparently, Tom has lost his job.
How often do you speak to each other?
Tom opened his desk drawer.
Were you able to pay for everything?
One of Tom's neighbors heard him scream.
Let's do something about that today.
Tom is considering that, isn't he?
It's hard to do homework on the bus.
Evidently, Tom wasn't interested.
Isn't it about time you got married?
Isn't it about time you two got married?
Tom played outside all day.
Calm down and tell us what happened.
Frankly, Tom isn't doing so well.
Was the money I gave you enough?
Tom is crying right now, isn't he?
Do you have snow tires on your car?
Tom isn't going to testify.
This is a picture of my first car.
Tom prefers to study alone.
Let's do that while we're waiting.
I don't know where Tom lives now.
It took us three hours to do that.
Tom is deluding himself, isn't he?
I don't know where Tom works now.
How many years have you been here?
Tom shot one of the guards.
How long have you been a plumber?
I had a long talk with Tom today.
How do they expect me to do that?
Tom is doing a good job, isn't he?
Do you have a license to do that?
I think Tom will do what's right.
Are we still obliged to go there?
Tom should've stayed quiet.
Please tell us where to go next.
I went to the same place as Tom did.
Please tell us what's happening.
Tom is doing all he can, isn't he?
How often do you see each other?
If Tom does that, he'll be fired.
How do you guys feel about that?
Tom wanted to surprise you.
Aren't you living in Boston now?
It seems Tom may be disappointed.
Are we still obliged to do that?
Tom is doing quite well, isn't he?
What's your favorite quotation?
The money you gave me wasn't enough to pay all the bills.
If I'd had three dollars more, I could've paid the bill.
Let's wait and see what Tom says.
The situation is getting worse.
Tom was executed on Monday.
How gullible do you think I am?
Maybe Tom never got your message.
How can I become a billionaire?
Tom is doing that again, isn't he?
Are you ready for cold weather?
Maybe Tom wants to surprise Mary.
Why did you choose to do that?
Tom didn't open any windows.
Do you still drive a blue car?
Most people thought Tom was nuts.
All these pictures are of you.
Tom is doing that today, isn't he?
That's particularly alarming.
Perhaps Tom should've left early.
That's one way of putting it.
Tom didn't try to stop Mary.
Monday was a busy day for us.
So far, Tom hasn't done anything.
Monday was a busy day for me.
Tom is doing that wrong, isn't he?
Didn't you do that on Monday?
Tom and I just wanted to be left alone.
All the curtains were closed.
Tom has an uncle named John.
The rain spoiled our plans.
That's exactly what Tom is doing.
That was really easy to do.
Tom is doing the dishes, isn't he?
Please tell us where to go.
That's how Tom's made his living.
How exactly do you do that?
Tom hasn't been cooperating.
How did this sand get here?
Tom and I finally did that.
How can you be so gullible?
Tom is down with a cold, isn't he?
How can people be so cruel?
Tom and John were in jail together.
That goal is unattainable.
Tom is awfully good-looking.
How will you pay for this?
That's why Tom didn't get killed.
Did you get there in time?
Tom is eager to do that, isn't he?
Three spoons are missing.
We don't know how Tom will react.
It'll be easy to do this.
Tom has lied to Mary many times.
Should we do that first?
Shouldn't we do that first?
Apparently, Tom is smarter than us.
Apparently, Tom is much smarter than us.
Is there another option?
Tom is easily flattered, isn't he?
Am I obliged to do that?
Apparently, Tom is still employed.
The sky has cleared up.
Tom might've been kidnapped.
That's pretty powerful.
A neighbor heard Tom's screams.
That's pretty exciting.
Tom is eating lunch now, isn't he?
That's pretty dramatic.
Tom and I know why Mary cried.
That's our arrangement.
Tom needs professional help.
Should we do that now?
I didn't need to do that with Tom.
It's too hot to sleep.
Tom is enjoying himself, isn't he?
How much is the toll?
Tom and I speak French to each other.
Do you have a backup?
Tom never laid a hand on me.
That's believable.
I know where Tom has been staying.
The bus stopped.
Tom is excited about it, isn't he?
The shoppers stood in a queue.
There are many Roman buildings in Rome.
Tom and Mary visited the Colosseum.
Tom saw the ruins of an ancient Roman building.
The subtitles are wrong.
The captions are wrong.
Why are all the statues naked?
Roman statues are often naked.
Greek statues are almost always naked.
Do you have any free time tomorrow?
We just got back.
We just got back from Boston.
Tom just got back from Boston this morning.
I plan to be back in Boston Monday morning.
Do you truly love Tom?
Everyone is on vacation.
Everyone is on holiday.
May we meet in reality?
They were standing in a line.
They were standing in a queue.
The spider I just killed was massive.
My co-workers reimbursed me for the tickets I bought.
Tom made a batch of chocolate chip cookies.
Tom is experienced in using the major programming languages.
The speech therapist at Tom's school helped him overcome his articulation problems.
The show was pants.
Tom's feeling a little peckish.
Tom is a twat.
Tom is a right proper lad.
You know nothing, Tom Jackson.
A Jackson always pays his debts.
Come, boy, learn to be wise.
What does this mean, to be wise?
To understand rightly, to do rightly, and to speak out rightly all that are necessary.
Who will teach me this?
"Who will teach this to me?" "I will, with God's help."
Didn't you notice that?
I'll be really happy if I see Tom.
I will guide you through all.
I'll be really happy if I see Mary.
I will show you all.
I want to have many children.
I will name everything for you.
See, here I am; lead me in the name of God.
Before all things, you ought to learn the simple sounds, of which human speech consists; which living creatures know how to make, and your tongue knows how to imitate, and your hand can draw out.
The baby is in the cradle.
Don't you want to have another daughter?
Their speech incited you to cruelty.
Greek is more difficult than Latin.
Tom is learning the Greek letters.
Tom likes gelato.
Afterwards we will go out into the world, and we will see all things.
Here you have a lively and vocal alphabet.
The crow cries 'aa aa'.
The lamb bleats 'baa'.
The grasshopper chirps 'see see'.
The Hoopoe says 'doo doo'.
The baby cries 'eh eh eh'.
In his old age, Appius Claudius faced the additional challenge of being blind.
There was a hill to the north.
Eyes were made for seeing.
Ears were made for hearing.
Do you have other books?
I have no other books.
This chair is more comfortable than that one.
What did you see in Rome?
What did you see in Paris?
What did you see in London?
Mum's working.
Mummy's working.
Tom has short arms and deep pockets.
It's the latest craze sweeping Boston.
Choose the correct answer.
Remember to turn off the light before going to bed.
Where should I hang this calendar?
How many days does it usually take?
Mary can't trust Tom.
"What are you chewing, big brother?" "Last year's chewing gum."
"What are you chewing, big brother?" "Last year's gum."
Tom really did admit he was wrong.
Tom did admit he was wrong.
No one seems to know for certain.
Nobody seems to know for certain.
Maybe we won't find anyone who wants to do anything with us.
Maybe we won't find anybody who wants to do anything with us.
Maybe we won't find anyone to do that.
Maybe we won't find anybody to do that.
We've already done everything we need to do.
We've already done everything that we need to do.
Tom gave me all the money I asked for.
Tom gave me all the money that I asked for.
We believe Tom was the one who did that.
We believe that Tom was the one who did that.
I don't think I have a problem.
I don't think that I have a problem.
I have no doubt Tom will do that.
I have no doubt that Tom will do that.
I have no doubt that'll happen.
I have no doubt that that'll happen.
I asked Tom if wanted to say anything.
I asked Tom whether wanted to say anything.
I think you know the answer to that question.
I think that you know the answer to that question.
I think you'll find what you're looking for in that box over there.
I think that you'll find what you're looking for in that box over there.
I was positive I could do that.
I was positive that I could do that.
I have to say I'm astonished.
I have to say that I'm astonished.
I wish that had happened.
I wish that that had happened.
I'm percent sure of that.
I'm one hundred percent sure of that.
I'm 100% sure of that.
I believe Tom got the message.
I believe that Tom got the message.
I couldn't do everything that I wanted to do.
I couldn't do everything I wanted to do.
I don't think it's too serious.
I don't think that it's too serious.
I think Tom did something wrong.
I think that Tom did something wrong.
I think that I did something wrong.
I'm glad that you did that.
I thought you didn't like Boston.
I thought that you didn't like Boston.
I don't think Tom complained.
I don't think that Tom complained.
I don't think Tom complained about that.
I don't think that Tom complained about that.
I don't think they're complaining.
I don't think that they're complaining.
I don't think anybody disputes that.
I don't think that anyone disputes that.
I don't think anyone disputes that.
I don't think that anybody disputes that.
I'm sure once Tom gets here, everything will be OK.
I'm sure that once Tom gets here, everything will be OK.
I feel we did a great job.
I feel that we did a great job.
I think this is where I belong.
I think that this is where I belong.
I've said all along I'd be ready.
I've said all along that I'd be ready.
I've said all along I'd do that.
I've said all along that I'd do that.
I don't want anyone to think that.
I don't want anybody to think that.
I think I've been fired three times.
I think that I've been fired three times.
I think Tom is pretty happy about it.
I think that Tom is pretty happy about it.
I never thought that would happen again.
I never thought that that would happen again.
I don't think Tom is hiding anything.
I don't think that Tom is hiding anything.
I think we need to hire another secretary.
I think that we need to hire another secretary.
I don't remember anyone doing that.
I don't remember anybody doing that.
I thank everyone who made this possible.
I thank everybody who made this possible.
I think actions speak louder than words.
I think that actions speak louder than words.
I'm just as surprised as everyone else.
I'm just as surprised as everybody else.
I don't think Tom is particularly funny.
I don't think that Tom is particularly funny.
I don't think that Tom is handsome.
I don't think Tom is busy right now.
I don't think that Tom is busy right now.
I don't think that Tom should be doing that.
I just can't believe that it happened.
I don't think we can do it.
I don't think that we can do it.
I think I did a pretty good job.
I think that I did a pretty good job.
I think we ought to do that.
I think that we ought to do that.
I'm glad that I was able to do that.
I know there's nothing we can do about that.
I know that there's nothing we can do about that.
I was lucky I was able to do that.
I was lucky that I was able to do that.
I'm hoping I can finish in the top ten.
I'm hoping that I can finish in the top ten.
I didn't think that I had to do that.
I don't think that Tom really did that.
What do you think Tom is about to do?
What do you think that Tom is about to do?
I hope Tom is still paying attention.
I hope that Tom is still paying attention.
I regret not telling Tom I loved him.
I regret not telling Tom that I loved him.
I'm determined to do that for Tom.
We're not only going to go swimming, we're also going to go sailing.
Tom probably won't help you.
The reason I didn't get the job is because I'm a woman.
Tom is finished already, isn't he?
We're not going to continue doing what we're doing.
It seemed like Tom might complain.
I'm not really sure when I'm supposed to be there.
I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to be doing.
I'm not really sure who I'm supposed to talk to.
I'm not really sure where I'm supposed to go.
Tom refused to discuss that.
I thought I was still going to be able to do that.
It's obvious Tom wants to do that.
I run into all kinds of people in my line of work.
Tom is fluent in French, isn't he?
I can't say when or where that's going to happen.
It's very likely Tom will do that.
It's very likely Tom won't do that.
I don't know if that's going to happen or not.
Tom said he's quit drinking.
All the flights to Boston have been canceled.
All flights to Boston have been canceled.
Perhaps Tom should've helped Mary.
I've learned a lot in the past three weeks.
Tom is frequently wrong, isn't he?
I'm actually very interested in doing that.
I'm actually not very interested in doing that.
Right now, Tom doesn't seem happy.
Right now, Tom doesn't seem very happy.
There are a lot of things I'm going to do.
Tom told us a bizarre story.
I'm very optimistic about our future here.
Some people think Tom is innocent.
I feel like that would be a waste of time.
I feel that would be a waste of time.
Tom is fun to be around, isn't he?
We're not going to make money doing this.
We're not going to make much money doing this.
That's something Tom shouldn't do.
It was hard to get out of bed to morning.
Tom told us a strange story.
I'm not really sure who I should talk to.
That's something Tom wanted to do.
I'm not even going to attempt to do that.
Tom is fun to work with, isn't he?
I'm not really sure where I should park.
Tom would know, wouldn't he?
We've been living here for a long time.
We didn't invite Tom to the party.
Maybe I'll be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom is getting stronger, isn't he?
I'm waiting to see how things turn out.
Hopefully, Tom hasn't been injured.
I definitely want to do that on Monday.
Tom came to ask for our help.
I can't answer that question right now.
I think Tom has learned his lesson.
I, for one, am not worried about that.
Tom is going to Harvard, isn't he?
I'm not really sure what I need to do.
I'm not really sure what I have to do.
Tom didn't forget to do that.
I work with homeless people every day.
In 2013, Tom returned to Australia.
I didn't want to do that, so I didn't.
Tom is going to be back, isn't he?
Tom is going to be back soon, isn't he?
I'm not really sure who I should ask.
It was fun watching Tom doing that.
I'm not really sure what I should do.
Tom didn't seem very relaxed.
I'm looking forward to the challenge.
It's very likely Tom will be there.
I was only in Boston for three weeks.
Tom is going to be busy, isn't he?
I normally don't do things like this.
I don't normally do things like this.
Tom doesn't worry about that.
I couldn't do that without your help.
Just then Tom walked into the room.
I'm very optimistic about my future.
Tom is going to be fine, isn't he?
I'm hoping to finish in the top ten.
Look, I know Tom is here somewhere.
I didn't expect to be so successful.
Tom got here after Mary left.
I, for one, don't worry about that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know we've moved.
I've got more important work to do.
Tom is going to be here, isn't he?
Tom is going to be here all day, isn't he?
I'm waiting to see how it all goes.
Maybe Tom should move to Australia.
I'm not even going to attempt that.
Tom has an enormous appetite.
I'm actually very excited about it.
Maybe Tom shouldn't have done that.
I wasn't really worried about that.
Tom is going to be late, isn't he?
I still don't have all the answers.
Maybe Tom will sell you his guitar.
Maybe Tom will sell you one of his guitars.
I don't have much of a social life.
Tom has decided to re-enlist.
I can't think about retirement yet.
No doubt Tom will enjoy doing that.
I'm very, very concerned about it.
Tom is going to be next, isn't he?
I need to have another surgery.
Of course Tom isn't going anywhere.
I'll enjoy doing that while I can.
Tom is almost always correct.
I was lucky to be able to do that.
I was lucky to be allowed to do that.
Of course, Tom would never do that.
I want to see that happen someday.
Tom is going to fill in, isn't he?
We're asking the public for help.
So far, Tom hasn't been successful.
I, for one, don't worry about it.
Tom is going to come save us.
I'm trying not to think about it.
That doesn't mean Tom has given up.
I'm too old to have children now.
Tom is going to find us, isn't he?
I'm not really sure who did that.
That's probably why Tom was crying.
I'm not really sure what's wrong.
Tom is having fun doing that.
I'm kind of speechless right now.
The room Tom wants isn't available.
I plan on doing better next year.
Tom is going to get one, isn't he?
I feel like I know my way around.
You should never have let Tom sing.
I can't answer that question now.
Tom is hoping that'll happen.
We're very concerned about that.
Apparently, Tom faked his own death.
We're not asking you to do that.
Tom is going to give up, isn't he?
We're grateful for all the help.
Do you still think Tom should leave?
I'm waiting to see what happens.
Tom is staying at a friend's.
I'm going to give all this away.
I didn't know Tom was going to sing.
I haven't been losing any sleep.
Tom is going to go home, isn't he?
I couldn't do that without help.
Is there anything Tom wouldn't do?
I'm very happy to be in Boston.
Tom looks like he's troubled.
I'm not really sure what to do.
I'm sure Tom isn't going to do that.
I'll be here tomorrow, I think.
Tom is going to hear us, isn't he?
I was glad to get it over with.
If Tom ever does that, I'll hit him.
If Tom ever does that, I'll slap him.
I try to contribute when I can.
Tom must not have been there.
I thank God that didn't happen.
In 2013, Tom emigrated to Australia.
I can't sit still for too long.
I can't sit still for very long.
Tom is going to help me, isn't he?
I can vote against it, I guess.
It's very likely Tom won't be there.
It's very unlikely Tom will be there.
I think we're making progress.
Tom never spoke French again.
I need to get back there fast.
Luckily, Tom was there to help Mary.
I don't want to get into that.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary has to do.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary should do.
I don't care about that stuff.
Tom should refuse to do that.
We're planning for the worst.
Maybe you should tell Tom the truth.
Maybe you ought to tell Tom the truth.
We're considering doing that.
Tom is going to pay you, isn't he?
We're actually working on it.
Unfortunately, Tom is usually right.
I'm not sure they'll survive.
Tom started whistling a tune.
I was prepared for the worst.
Tom is going to like it, isn't he?
I still don't sleep at night.
Tom is going to recover, isn't he?
I only wanted to help people.
You know how poor Tom is, don't you?
We're going to be all right.
Tom told Mary to go upstairs.
Tom told Mary that she should go upstairs.
It's obviously not over yet.
Apparently, Tom has the same problem.
I'm very concerned about it.
Tom is going to save us, isn't he?
I'm very proud of our team.
As a matter of fact, Tom did do that.
I was pretty happy with it.
Tom told Mary what he wanted.
I don't go home very often.
Tom is going to say yes, isn't he?
I don't go home that often.
Fortunately, Tom was able to do that.
I'm very proud of my team.
Tom wanted to see Mary laugh.
I'll enjoy it while I can.
I'm enjoying it while I can.
Tom is going to show up, isn't he?
I wanted to say thank you.
Fortunately, Tom didn't say anything.
I feel good at this point.
Tom wanted to see Mary smile.
We don't anticipate that.
I wanted to believe what Tom told me.
I was lucky to be chosen.
Tom is going to sign it, isn't he?
Tom is going to sign the contract, isn't he?
I love it here in Boston.
I wish I could've told Tom the truth.
That's the key question.
Tom can't understand French yet.
It's tough to say why.
It sounds like Tom deserves an award.
I was really nervous.
Tom is going to succeed, isn't he?
I pled guilty.
It was obvious Tom had been drinking.
I hope we win the championship.
I hope we win that championship.
I still can't believe that we won.
I don't think I've ever been so happy.
I don't think that I've ever been so happy.
I don't think it makes a huge difference.
I don't think that it makes a huge difference.
I don't think it makes much difference.
I don't think that it makes much difference.
I don't think it'll make much difference.
I don't think that it'll make much difference.
I knew I had to do something differently.
I knew that I had to do something differently.
I knew I needed to do something differently.
I knew that I needed to do something differently.
I knew I ought to do something differently.
I knew that I ought to do something differently.
I knew I should do something differently.
I knew that I should do something differently.
I thought I had to do something differently.
I thought that I had to do something differently.
I thought I needed to do something differently.
I thought that I needed to do something differently.
I thought I ought to do something differently.
I thought that I ought to do something differently.
I thought I should do something differently.
I thought that I should do something differently.
I always thought we could keep this secret.
I always thought that we could keep this secret.
I was hoping we could keep this secret.
I was hoping that we could keep this secret.
I just don't believe everybody needs to do that.
I just don't believe that everybody needs to do that.
I'm very happy with the way I played.
I'm very happy with the way that I played.
Just then Tom heard someone laughing.
Just then Tom heard somebody laughing.
I think Tom may have been intoxicated.
I think that Tom may have been intoxicated.
I think Tom may have been drunk.
I think that Tom may have been drunk.
I think Tom said something about that.
I think that Tom said something about that.
Tom couldn't sleep on the bus.
I think the team is capable of more.
It's a good thing Tom didn't do that.
I'm proud to be on this team.
Tom is going to survive, isn't he?
I'm having a pretty good season.
Tom decided to study medicine.
I'm going to miss my teammates.
Tom has decided to study medicine.
I was pleased with how we played today.
Most likely Tom will be back by 2:30.
I'm not really happy with what I did.
Tom is good at baseball, isn't he?
I'm not going to take all the credit.
Obviously, Tom knows what he's doing.
I wasn't really thinking about it too much.
Tom did that just a month ago.
I want to ask you for forgiveness.
So far, Tom hasn't received anything.
I think we'll get a lot of proposals.
Tom is good at juggling, isn't he?
I think the mayor's done a good job.
The person who was killed wasn't Tom.
I ran into a parking meter last week.
Tom didn't say where Mary was.
I heard stories that broke my heart.
Do you still think Tom should do that?
I have no idea what their plans are.
Tom is good at painting, isn't he?
I have a sick feeling in my stomach.
Has Tom ever attempted suicide before?
I guess that's something we could do.
Is this the first time Tom has attempted suicide?
I don't see any major technical problems.
Tom is married to my daughter.
I don't know whether to smile or cry.
Tom is good at swimming, isn't he?
I didn't start out trying to do this.
Tom is terrible at doing that.
I've been a biologist for over thirty years.
I'm not sure what Tom's talking about.
I was overcome by inexplicable fear.
It wasn't fair to Mary at all.
You are forgiven.
I'm glad no one is around.
I am glad no one is around.
Do you read Arabic?
This tattoo is stupid.
I don't have tattoos.
I don't have a daddy.
She doesn't like cartoons.
She watched the cartoon with me.
It looks like he's trying to annoy me.
It looks like he is trying to annoy me.
He put the milk back in the refrigerator.
You can have your stuff back.
I know I messed up.
As long as you are in my house, you have to abide by my rules.
She's growing up.
She is growing up.
I fantacized about Janet Jackson.
He picked me as his business partner.
I lost my queen.
I didn't even know we had practise.
The drummer is quitting the band.
This band is going nowhere.
Find us a new drummer.
I am here for the drummer auditions.
Sami is our new drummer.
Do you have any gigs lined up?
Is this your new drummer?
Get yourself a girl.
Sami is a serious guy.
Girls are impressed with that.
Our band needs a distinctive logo.
Sami is better than this.
Sami is our drummer.
Sami is acting like a punk.
Sami asked Layla to leave the band.
Sami's band is full of crazy teenagers.
Sami likes soup.
Sami's girlfriend left him.
Sami just broke up with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to hurt his ex.
Sami is in the band.
Sami's band only plays in the garage.
Sami is tightening his cymbals.
Layla is not your girlfriend.
You should have more faith in Sami.
Sami is depressed.
Sami did that for the band.
You did that for Sami but at the expense of me.
Sami is going to jail in the prime of his life.
Sami did it himself.
Sami can prove it.
Sami is the burglar.
Sami told Layla this morning.
Sami wants to confess.
Sami isn't helping.
How do you spell "refrigerator"?
Sami has forgotten his bag.
Sami Bakir isn't a regular American name.
Sami has seen everything there is to see.
Sami listens to nobody.
Sami doesn't know anything about that.
Sami Bakir is a great American.
These eggs came in these morning, fresh from the farm.
Sami sounds like a male chauvinist.
Sami is not eligible to vote.
Sami hasn't voted in sixty years.
Sami is my husband.
How are you going to vote?
Sami voted for Layla.
Sami listened to me.
Sami and Layla are supposed to share everything.
Sami is going to vote.
Sami has already voted.
Sami voted against Layla.
Sami turned on the TV.
Sami doesn't want to know the election results.
Sami is glad he voted.
Sami was walking down the street.
Sami and Layla get along with each other.
Sami and Layla are working together.
Sami needs to believe in himself.
Sami is playing.
Sami is working.
Sami is Layla's brother.
Sami hid the dessert.
Sami ate the cupcake.
Sami has always been the biggest bully in school.
Sami took a day off.
Sami needs to take a day off.
Sami was watching the parade.
Sami ate the dessert.
Sami has to do something about this problem.
Sami tasted the dessert.
Sami discovered Layla's weaknesses.
Sami is big.
Sami has many weaknesses.
Sami likes dessert.
Sami ate my dessert.
Sami doesn't think that's a good idea.
Sami can't challenge Layla.
Sami owes me an apology.
Sami told me.
Sami called me "clumsy."
Sami should apologize for being so rude.
Sami is a big bully.
Sami is coming.
Sami was looking at me.
Sami can do it.
Sami looks kind of scared of Farid.
Sami is too scared of you.
Sami went to a Egyptian cooking class.
Sami baked the cookies.
Sami ate the frozen yoghurt.
Sami is waiting for you at the playground.
Sami spent the whole weekend in Cairo.
Sami was there this afternoon.
Sami has something more important to do.
Sami is the last guy I fought.
Sami was supposed to meet me here at six.
Sami did that after school.
Sami is scared of me.
Sami fought Farid.
Sami never fought Farid.
Sami can't remember.
Sami doesn't remember.
Sami was too scared to fight.
Sami wants to take Layla's place.
Sami wanted to talk to you.
Sami is not here.
Sami isn't here.
Sami can't talk to Layla.
Sami has never fought anybody before.
Sami scared everybody.
Sami is good at it.
Sami should use his energy for something more constructive.
Pick another number.
Pick a color.
Sami has to play.
Sami has nothing to apologize for.
Tom was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Don't even think about driving while intoxicated, Tom.
Mary's common-law husband was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Mary was arrested after the bachelorette party for driving while intoxicated.
The first order of business is to figure out how to prevent people from driving while intoxicated.
The angry young man was arrested for driving while intoxicated, but a search of his car turned up automatic weapons, leading to further charges.
The angry young man believes the people who tell him to calm down are Illuminati shills.
The angry young man is now public enemy number one.
Tom is an angry young man, but he has a soft spot for ferrets.
Tom is upset that he can't receive physician-assisted suicide for being an angry young man.
Tom is a prescription drug wholesaler.
Tom is a wholesaler of toys for ferrets.
Tom quit his job as a sanitation worker to become a prescription drug wholesaler.
Tom decided not to smoke anymore.
Tom decided not to poison himself with tobacco anymore.
Mary's common-law wife was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Who can do more can do less.
So many heads, so many minds.
If you can move mountains, you can move molehills.
Let me live in peace.
The name of the Algerian town Tipaza comes from tafza, red sandstone.
We are closed for renovations.
Tom, I think we're talking at cross-purposes.
Sacramento is the capital of California.
This is a dream.
My mother tongue is Russian therefore I can speak it for you.
We shot down enemy aircraft.
Is the bus stop in front of the movie theater?
I'm sorry Tom thinks that way.
I'm sorry that Tom thinks that way.
I'm surprised Tom hasn't bounced back by now.
I'm surprised that Tom hasn't bounced back by now.
I think God has a plan for everyone.
I think that God has a plan for everyone.
I think God has a plan for everybody.
I think that God has a plan for everybody.
I think the economic impact will be minimal.
I think that the economic impact will be minimal.
I knew it was going to be like that.
I knew that it was going to be like that.
I'm sure that's not going to happen.
I'm sure that isn't going to happen.
I asked Tom not to hurt anyone.
I asked Tom not to hurt anybody.
I had a feeling that was going to happen.
I had a feeling that that was going to happen.
I think that things will be fine.
I believe Tom is going to do that.
I believe that Tom is going to do that.
I hope I don't start crying.
I hope that I don't start crying.
I'm really grateful I had the money to go to a good school.
I'm really grateful that I had the money to go to a good school.
I knew you were going to be ignored.
I knew that you were going to be ignored.
I feel I have to do that.
I feel that I have to do that.
I told Tom I wanted to know what happened.
I told Tom that I wanted to know what happened.
I think we should talk about what happened.
I think that we should talk about what happened.
We knew Tom would come back.
We knew that Tom would come back.
We didn't think was going to happen.
We didn't think that was going to happen.
We think there is still a threat.
We think that there is still a threat.
There's still a chance that going to happen.
There's still a chance that that going to happen.
It's something I'll always remember.
It's something that I'll always remember.
We need to treat everyone fairly.
We need to treat everybody fairly.
It's not something everyone can do.
It's not something everybody can do.
It's the best we can do.
It's the best that we can do.
It'll be hard to do that by yourself.
It'll be difficult to do that by yourself.
That's something we're prepared for.
That's something that we're prepared for.
That's something we're prepared to do.
That's something that we're prepared to do.
It's not important to do that today.
It isn't important to do that today.
That isn't the sort of thing that I'd normally do.
That's not the kind of thing that I'd normally do.
That's not the sort of thing that I'd normally do.
That isn't the kind of thing that I'd normally do.
It looked like everyone was having fun today.
It looked like everybody was having fun today.
It wasn't that hard to find a pair of shoes that fit.
It wasn't that difficult to find a pair of shoes that fit.
Everybody's waiting to see what happens.
This is something that I want to do.
There were times I wished I were somewhere else.
There were times when I wished I were somewhere else.
There were times that I wished I were somewhere else.
I don't think Tom is ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom is ready to do that.
I know that Tom loves me.
Everyone wants to know what's going to happen.
If you want to blame someone, blame me.
If you want to blame somebody, blame me.
No one wants to see that happen.
No one wants to that to happen.
Nobody wants to that to happen.
That's not exactly the way I wanted to do that.
That isn't exactly the way I wanted to do that.
Let's make sure that doesn't happen.
Let's make sure that that doesn't happen.
I know Tom wouldn't do that with me.
I know that Tom wouldn't do that with me.
I know Tom wouldn't do that.
I think this is real.
I think that this is real.
I thought I was safe.
I thought that I was safe.
I thought you couldn't read.
I thought that you couldn't read.
I thought we were going to be able to do that.
I thought that we were going to be able to do that.
I thought it was odd.
I thought that it was odd.
I think we've done well.
I think that we've done well.
I think we'll be back soon.
I think that we'll be back soon.
I think we handled that well.
I think that we handled that well.
I think that Tom will like it.
I think that Tom will be suspended.
I think Tom is really talented.
I think that Tom is really talented.
I think the time has come for us to do that.
I think that the time has come for us to do that.
I think that that's true.
I think that's pretty far down on their list of priorities.
I think that that's pretty far down on their list of priorities.
I think that's pretty close to the truth.
I think that that's pretty close to the truth.
I think that's part of the problem.
I think that that's part of the problem.
I think that's inevitable.
I think that that's inevitable.
I think it's pretty good.
I think that it's pretty good.
I think it'll happen eventually.
I think that it'll happen eventually.
I think it definitely helped.
I think that it definitely helped.
I think I know the answers.
I think that I know the answers.
I think I did that pretty well.
I think that I did that pretty well.
I think I can handle this.
I think that I can handle this.
I knew this would be interesting.
I knew that this would be interesting.
I think the chances are good.
I think that the chances are good.
I think you need new glasses.
I think that you need new glasses.
I think you'll enjoy it here.
I think that you'll enjoy it here.
I think I've seen this before.
I think that I've seen this before.
I think that's the wrong approach.
I think that that's the wrong approach.
I think they'll have a chance.
I think that they'll have a chance.
I think I played better tonight.
I think that I played better tonight.
I think that's a safe assumption.
I think that that's a safe assumption.
I think I'm still getting better.
I think that I'm still getting better.
I think it's possible that there's nothing we can do.
I think that it's possible that there's nothing we can do.
I think we'll survive.
I think that we'll survive.
I think Tom anticipated that, too.
I think that Tom anticipated that, too.
I thought we were poor.
I thought that we were poor.
I thought that would be appropriate.
I thought that that would be appropriate.
I think I'm definitely getting better.
I think that I'm definitely getting better.
I think I'm going to do that.
I think I'm going to be able to do that.
I think that I'm going to be able to do that.
I think I can work with you.
I think that I can work with you.
I think this is a good idea.
I think that this is a good idea.
I thought we did a great job.
I thought that we did a great job.
I think this is a stupid idea.
I think that this is a stupid idea.
I think it was just an anomaly.
I think that it was just an anomaly.
I think that we did OK.
I think you're going to be fine.
I think that you're going to be fine.
I think that you're going to be OK.
I thought you didn't want me to do that.
I thought that you didn't want me to do that.
I thought you didn't want me to stay.
I thought that you didn't want me to stay.
I think I made the right decision.
I think that I made the right decision.
I think we made the right decision.
I think that we made the right decision.
I think Tom made the right decision.
I think that Tom made the right decision.
I think we've got it under control.
I think that we've got it under control.
I think overall we're in good shape.
I think that overall we're in good shape.
I think we can change that.
I think that we can change that.
I think I've got things under control.
I think that I've got things under control.
I thought we made some progress tonight.
I thought that we made some progress tonight.
I think that's the direction were heading.
I think that that's the direction were heading.
I think there's some real potential here.
I think that there's some real potential here.
I thought they wouldn't take me seriously.
I thought that they wouldn't take me seriously.
I think we've made progress.
I think that we've made progress.
I think you're overreacting to the situation.
I think that you're overreacting to the situation.
I think I need somebody to help me.
I think that I need someone to help me.
I think I need someone to help me.
I think that I need somebody to help me.
I'm sure Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I'm sure that Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I think everybody would like to see that happen.
I think that everyone would like to see that happen.
I think everyone would like to see that happen.
I think that everybody would like to see that happen.
I thought that there was a chance that Tom would do that.
I thought there was a chance Tom would do that.
I thought there was a chance that Tom would do that.
I thought that there was a chance Tom would do that.
I think I paid about $for that.
I think that I paid about $for that.
I think I made a lot of mistakes.
I think that I made a lot of mistakes.
I think that this is a good start.
I think it all has been worth it.
I think that it all has been worth it.
I think it's all been worth it.
I think that it's all been worth it.
I think I gave up too soon.
I think that I gave up too soon.
I think I've got to find some help.
I think that I've got to find some help.
I think it's a great chance for us.
I think that it's a great chance for us.
I think there are a lot of things we need to do.
I think that there are a lot of things we need to do.
I think it's time to go.
I think that it's time to go.
I think there are a lot of other people who think the same way.
I think that there are a lot of other people who think the same way.
I think it's still too early to tell.
I think that it's still too early to tell.
I think we did that for the right reasons.
I think that we did that for the right reasons.
I thought our team did a great job.
I thought that our team did a great job.
I think I've accomplished a lot of that.
I think that I've accomplished a lot of that.
I think it's going to be very difficult.
I think that it's going to be very difficult.
I thought the sound was a firecracker at first.
I thought that the sound was a firecracker at first.
I think the matter is very close to being resolved.
I think that the matter is very close to being resolved.
I think it'll happen sooner than you think.
I think that it'll happen sooner than you think.
I think it's a cool idea.
I think that it's a cool idea.
I think it's really nice what you're doing.
I think that it's really nice what you're doing.
I think they both deserved to be nominated.
I think that they both deserved to be nominated.
I thought we did things really well.
I thought that we did things really well.
I thought we did that really well.
I thought that we did that really well.
I think it'll turn out differently this time.
I think that it'll turn out differently this time.
I think things will turn out differently this time.
I think that things will turn out differently this time.
I think this is what people want.
I think that this is what people want.
I thought you didn't like marching bands.
I thought that you didn't like marching bands.
I think it's dangerous to do that.
I think that it's dangerous to do that.
I thought the team played well today.
I thought that the team played well today.
I thought we played very well.
I thought that we played very well.
I think that it's going to be a good year.
I think it was the right thing to do.
I think that it was the right thing to do.
I think that we're on the right track.
I think you're going to fit in just fine.
I think that you're going to fit in just fine.
I thought it was a very good team effort.
I thought that it was a very good team effort.
I thought Tom was going to have a breakdown.
I thought that Tom was going to have a breakdown.
I think we could do more.
I think that we could do more.
I think it's very clear what's going on here.
I think that it's very clear what's going on here.
I think the guys are handling this very well.
I think that the guys are handling this very well.
I think we've learned a lot.
I think that we've learned a lot.
I think it's not clear what exactly we should do.
I think that it's not clear what exactly we should do.
I think we have more important things we should be doing now.
I think that we have more important things we should be doing now.
I think you're terrific.
I think that you're terrific.
I thought we played a pretty good game.
I thought that we played a pretty good game.
I thought the way Tom handled that was good.
I thought that the way Tom handled that was good.
I thought Tom handled that the right way.
I thought that Tom handled that the right way.
I think we handled that pretty well.
I think that we handled that pretty well.
I thought that we played well.
I think this is actually a really important question.
I think that this is actually a really important question.
I think that's a really important question.
I think that that's a really important question.
I think we've got something really special here.
I think that we've got something really special here.
I think Tom had a lot to do with that.
I think that Tom had a lot to do with that.
I thought for sure that was going to happen.
I thought that for sure that was going to happen.
I think we have a great team this year.
I think that we have a great team this year.
I think Tom knows what he's talking about.
I think that Tom knows what he's talking about.
I think that we've done a pretty good job so far.
I think you'll agree.
I think that you'll agree.
I think it's a risk that anyone would've taken.
I think that it's a risk that anyone would've taken.
I think we surprised a lot of people.
I think that we surprised a lot of people.
I think I can give you something that'll make you feel better.
I think that I can give you something that'll make you feel better.
I think I've managed to clean up the mess you made.
I think that I've managed to clean up the mess you made.
I think the judge was more than fair.
I think that the judge was more than fair.
I think eventually that's something that'll happen.
I think that eventually that's something that'll happen.
I think that everyone makes mistakes.
I think everybody makes mistakes.
I think everyone makes mistakes.
I think that everybody makes mistakes.
I think they did a great job.
I think that they did a great job.
I think we need to take the time to make sure we do this right.
I think that we need to take the time to make sure we do this right.
I think it would be great to have Tom back on the team.
I think that it would be great to have Tom back on the team.
I think I have the right to know why it happened.
I think that I have the right to know why it happened.
I think I have the right to know what happened.
I think that I have the right to know what happened.
I think I have the right to know who did that.
I think that I have the right to know who did that.
I think we'll have time to do all that tomorrow.
I think that we'll have time to do all that tomorrow.
I think I understand why Tom does that.
I think that I understand why Tom does that.
I think our team is going to continue to get better.
I think that our team is going to continue to get better.
I think that's the reason why Tom isn't here.
I think that that's the reason why Tom isn't here.
I think that's the reason why Tom is here.
I think that that's the reason why Tom is here.
I think that's the reason why Tom is doing that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom is doing that.
I think that's the reason why Tom isn't doing that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom isn't doing that.
I think that's the reason why Tom did that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom did that.
I think that's the reason why Tom didn't do that.
I think that that's the reason why Tom didn't do that.
I think that's the reason why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I think that that's the reason why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I think that's the reason why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think that that's the reason why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think there's more going on here than meets the eye.
I think that there's more going on here than meets the eye.
I think there's more going on here than you think there is.
I think that there's more going on here than you think there is.
I think we're going to have to do that.
I think that we're going to have to do that.
I think we're going to eventually have to do that.
I think that we're going to eventually have to do that.
I think we're going to need to do that.
I think that we're going to need to do that.
I think we're going to eventually need to do that.
I think that we're going to eventually need to do that.
I thought it was gunfire, but it was just the sound of firecrackers.
I thought that it was gunfire, but it was just the sound of firecrackers.
I think you'd be foolish to expect Tom to do that for you.
I think that you'd be foolish to expect Tom to do that for you.
I think that you'd all agree Tom is one of our best singers.
I think you'd all agree that Tom is one of our best singers.
I think you'd all agree Tom is one of our best singers.
I think that you'd all agree that Tom is one of our best singers.
I think that you'd all agree Tom is our best salesman.
I think you'd all agree that Tom is our best salesman.
I think you'd all agree Tom is our best salesman.
I think that you'd all agree that Tom is our best salesman.
There are many things we need to consider.
There are many things that we need to consider.
I think all of us want to know what happened.
I think that all of us want to know what happened.
I think it's important to realize that that may not happen.
I think that it's important to realize that that may not happen.
I think it's important to realize that may not happen.
I think that it's important to realize that may not happen.
I think it's important to understand that that may not happen.
I think that it's important to understand that that may not happen.
I think it's important to understand that may not happen.
I think that it's important to understand that may not happen.
I think all of us want to know why that happened.
I think that all of us want to know why that happened.
Don't take it for granted that everyone has a car.
Don't take it for granted that everybody has a car.
I think there's a real good chance I'll be sticking around.
I think that there's a real good chance I'll be sticking around.
I think that Tom and Mary like each other.
I think perhaps you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think that perhaps you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think maybe you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think that maybe you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think that you don't understand the severity of the situation.
I think a lot of you have been taken advantage of.
I think that a lot of you have been taken advantage of.
I thought I was never going to get out of prison.
I thought that I was never going to get out of prison.
I think this is a serious matter.
I think that this is a serious matter.
I think it's very important for children to have something to do.
I think that it's very important for children to have something to do.
I think you do need to hire someone other than Tom.
I think that you do need to hire someone other than Tom.
I think Tom would be disappointed if that were to happen.
I think that Tom would be disappointed if that were to happen.
I think that it's too early to do that.
I think that it's really important we do that.
I think it's really important that we do that.
I think it's really important we do that.
I think that it's really important that we do that.
I think that it's really important we do that today.
I think it's really important that we do that today.
I think it's really important we do that today.
I think that it's really important that we do that today.
I thought that you said you couldn't do that.
I thought you said that you couldn't do that.
I thought that you said that you couldn't do that.
I think a lot of people will end up doing that.
I think that a lot of people will end up doing that.
I think I could've done that.
I think that I could've done that.
I think I could've done that without any help.
I think that I could've done that without any help.
I think I want to become a music teacher.
I think that I want to become a music teacher.
I think that everyone has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think everybody has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think everyone has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think that everybody has an idea of what Tom is capable of.
I think Tom might not be able to handle the truth.
I think that Tom might not be able to handle the truth.
I think we need to make some changes.
I think that we need to make some changes.
I think it's more important to discuss possible solutions.
I think that it's more important to discuss possible solutions.
I think it'll be interesting to see how much Tom can sell that painting for.
I think that it'll be interesting to see how much Tom can sell that painting for.
I think it's very obvious what's going to happen.
I think that it's very obvious what's going to happen.
I think it's very obvious what's going to happen if we do that.
I think that it's very obvious what's going to happen if we do that.
I think it's very obvious what'll happen.
I think that it's very obvious what'll happen.
I think it's very obvious what'll happen if we do that.
I think that it's very obvious what'll happen if we do that.
I think Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I think that Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will be able to do that.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will be able to do that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will be able to do that.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will be able to do that.
We feel pretty confident we can win.
We feel pretty confident that we can win.
I think that's a little unfair.
I think that that's a little unfair.
I think that's a very stupid argument.
I think that that's a very stupid argument.
I think anything Tom can do, I can do.
I think that anything Tom can do, I can do.
I think what they're doing is wrong.
I think that what they're doing is wrong.
I think what Tom is doing is wrong.
I think that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I think what you're doing is wrong.
I think that what you're doing is wrong.
I think most people want to do the right thing.
I think that most people want to do the right thing.
I think that was a bad decision.
I think that that was a bad decision.
I think that was a good decision.
I think that that was a good decision.
I'm glad I came back.
I'm glad that I came back.
I'm glad I said that.
I'm glad that I said that.
I'm glad we didn't wait another day.
I'm glad that we didn't wait another day.
I'm glad we didn't wait any longer.
I'm glad that we didn't wait any longer.
I'm glad you're back in Boston.
I'm glad that you're back in Boston.
I'm glad to see that's going to happen.
I'm glad Tom decided to do that.
I'm glad that Tom decided to do that.
I'm glad Tom has decided to do that.
I'm glad that Tom has decided to do that.
I'm glad you decided to do that.
I'm glad that you decided to do that.
I'm glad you've decided to do that.
I'm glad that you've decided to do that.
I'm glad we decided to do this.
I'm glad that we decided to do this.
I'm glad that I was able to do that for you.
I'm glad we didn't have to do that.
I'm glad that we didn't have to do that.
I'm glad we don't have to do that.
I'm glad that we don't have to do that.
I guess I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I guess that I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I guess I'm the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I guess that I'm the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I guess it'll have to wait.
I guess that it'll have to wait.
I guess that's not really important.
I guess that that's not really important.
I guess that isn't really important.
I guess that that isn't really important.
I guess that's what Tom is looking for.
I guess that that's what Tom is looking for.
I guess I've already proven I'm not too smart.
I guess that I've already proven I'm not too smart.
I guess this is a step in the right direction.
I guess that this is a step in the right direction.
I guess I have to do that.
I guess that I have to do that.
I guess it really depends on how far you want to go.
I guess that it really depends on how far you want to go.
I guess we shouldn't be surprised that that happened.
I guess we shouldn't be surprised that happened.
I guess that we shouldn't be surprised that that happened.
I guess that's what we all want to do.
I guess that that's what we all want to do.
I guess that I was wrong.
I promised that I'd do that.
I promised myself I wouldn't cry.
I promised myself that I wouldn't cry.
I'm sure one of us will be in Boston next Monday.
I'm sure that one of us will be in Boston next Monday.
I think going to Boston would be a good idea.
I think that going to Boston would be a good idea.
I think going to Boston would be fun.
I think that going to Boston would be fun.
We're not planning on moving to Boston.
We're not planning to moved to Boston.
We're glad you weren't injured.
We're glad that you weren't injured.
We're not quite sure exactly how Tom was able to do that.
We aren't quite sure exactly how Tom was able to do that.
We're not quite sure exactly what we're supposed to be doing.
We aren't quite sure exactly what we're supposed to be doing.
We're not quite sure exactly where Tom lives.
We aren't quite sure exactly where Tom lives.
We're not quite sure exactly what Tom is doing now.
We aren't quite sure exactly what Tom is doing now.
I needed to remind everyone what needed to be done.
I needed to remind everybody what needed to be done.
That's not why we're doing what we're doing.
That isn't why we're doing what we're doing.
We're not going to Boston anytime soon.
We aren't going to Boston anytime soon.
I've done that more than anyone else.
I've done that more than anybody else.
I wasn't told I needed a visa.
I wasn't told that I needed a visa.
You can go there if you want.
We don't believe Tom committed suicide.
We don't believe that Tom committed suicide.
Tom promised he'd speak French.
Tom promised that he'd speak French.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to do that.
You realize Tom won't do that, don't you?
You realize that Tom won't do that, don't you?
I don't think Tom is really trying to win.
I don't think that Tom is really trying to win.
Tom hoped Mary would laugh.
Tom hoped that Mary would laugh.
I didn't know Tom would want to go with us.
I didn't know that Tom would want to go with us.
Tom hoped Mary would smile.
Tom hoped that Mary would smile.
I don't think Tom needs to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that anymore.
I think Tom is going to win again tomorrow.
I think that Tom is going to win again tomorrow.
You know Tom is in the hospital, don't you?
You know that Tom is in the hospital, don't you?
I think Tom and Mary don't have children yet.
I think that Tom and Mary don't have children yet.
Tom is happy to be here, isn't he?
What we're doing today is what should've been done a long time ago.
I'm sure Tom will wait a while longer.
We believe the majority of passengers on the train are from Boston.
Tom knew where Mary was going.
What we're doing is what should've been done a long time ago.
If Tom is healthy, there's no problem.
That's one of the hardest things I've ever done in my life.
Tom is happy to be home, isn't he?
I certainly wouldn't have left Boston if I didn't have to.
It seems like Tom should've done that.
We were thirty miles from Boston when we got a flat tire.
Tom looked down into the well.
I know a lot about Boston after living here thirty years.
Last fall, Tom had open-heart surgery.
I didn't know I was going to fall in love here in Boston.
Tom is having a bad day, isn't he?
I don't think as many people as you think will be there.
Let's wait and see what Tom does next.
I didn't think I'd be able to find a job here in Boston.
Tom needs to be more positive.
We just have to wait and see if that's going to happen.
Maybe Tom just doesn't like Australia.
The majority of students didn't know what was going on.
Tom is heading this way, isn't he?
The doctor said to take it easy for the next few days.
We've always had a lot of fun when we visited Boston.
Tom never laid a hand on Mary.
That was the first time I heard people talk about it.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary wants to do.
We'll be leaving Boston before the end of the month.
Tom is helping us today, isn't he?
We just have to wait and see what's going to happen.
Perhaps that's what Tom's waiting for.
Most of the students didn't know what was happening.
Tom parked in the parking lot.
I'm not sure Boston is where I want to be right now.
Right now Tom is a little preoccupied.
I don't expect to be as busy tomorrow as I am today.
Tom is here for the day, isn't he?
I can't 100% guarantee that I'll be there on Monday.
Sometimes I'm right, sometimes Tom is.
Things turned out better than I thought they would.
Tom says he knows who Mary is.
I think this one is probably the better of the two.
Thankfully, Tom respected my decision.
I spend about three hours a week cleaning my house.
Tom is here on vacation, isn't he?
There's really nothing we can do about that today.
That's the only reason Tom is winning.
I was surprised by what I saw last week in Boston.
Tom seemed to want me to stay.
I think what we saw was a shark, but I'm not sure.
That's why Tom is under investigation.
We always have a lot of fun when we visit Boston.
Tom is here to help you, isn't he?
Wait until I tell your father what you did today.
There's no evidence that Tom did that.
There's no way to predict what's going to happen.
Tom shouldn't have known that.
It almost looked as if that were going to happen.
There's no question which Tom prefers.
We need to fix that problem as soon as possible.
Tom is hiding something, isn't he?
If I'm going to do that, I've got to do it soon.
Unfortunately, Tom is already engaged.
We sold our three-bedroom house on Park Street.
Tom spends more than he earns.
That's the reason we're doing what we're doing.
Unfortunately, Tom is already married.
It almost looked like that was going to happen.
Tom is hiding somewhere, isn't he?
I don't expect tomorrow to be as busy as today.
Apparently, Tom didn't want to do that.
We didn't get answers to any of our questions.
Tom wants to rent a new place.
This team hasn't lost a game in three seasons.
Do you still think Tom should be fired?
Most of the time, I just do what I want to do.
Tom is in Australia now, isn't he?
I'm not really sure how this is going to work.
Evidently Tom got fired for doing that.
I think that's an option we need to look into.
Tom answered all the questions.
I don't really know how this is going to work.
I could've sworn I saw Tom in the park.
I did my best to make sure that didn't happen.
Tom is in a lot of pain, isn't he?
We've been having a wonderful time in Boston.
I don't think Tom was paying attention.
We've always been able to talk to each other.
Tom didn't eat pizza yesterday.
Our team hasn't lost a game in three seasons.
I haven't spoken to Tom in a long time.
I don't know how to prove I wasn't in Boston.
Tom is in amazing shape, isn't he?
I don't expect Monday to be as busy as today.
I think Tom should be in Boston by now.
We know you'd rather be in Boston right now.
Tom doesn't actually hate Mary.
There's really nothing we can do about that.
I wonder what Tom is thinking of doing.
Thank you so much for coming to our wedding.
Tom is in love with you, isn't he?
I think that's an option we need to explore.
I think it's an option we need to look into.
Tom doesn't actually live here.
We're still hopeful that's going to happen.
I've advised Tom to continue dong that.
We're better prepared than most people are.
Tom is in the back yard, isn't he?
We spent the entire day cleaning the house.
It seems like Tom should've been there.
They say stress causes high blood pressure.
It sounds like Tom is hiding something.
I was at the right place at the right time.
Tom is in trouble again, isn't he?
I know you'd rather be in Boston right now.
It sounds like Tom might be interested.
I'm not sure Boston is where I want to be.
Tom has had open-heart surgery.
I think it's an option we need to explore.
It was curious that Tom didn't do that.
We're always looking for ways to improve.
Tom is itching to leave, isn't he?
We spent the entire day exploring Boston.
Maybe Tom will know what we have to do.
This is what I've wished for all my life.
Tom has probably been arrested.
There's no way to predict what'll happen.
Maybe Tom will know what we need to do.
Nothing out of the ordinary has happened.
Tom is just over thirty, isn't he?
Most accidents are caused by human error.
Maybe you shouldn't tell Tom the truth.
I love being able to come back to Boston.
Tom is being held without bail.
I can't 100% guarantee that I'll do that.
Prosecutors still insist Tom is guilty.
We're going to Boston as soon as we can.
Tom is just teasing you, isn't he?
We'll have a chance to do that tomorrow.
Sometimes I think Tom knows everything.
We look forward to seeing you in Boston.
Tom isn't a trustworthy person.
There's nothing I can do to change that.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary meant.
That's why we're doing what we're doing.
Tom is leaving tomorrow, isn't he?
We need to fix that problem right away.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary wanted.
They never told me what I needed to do.
Tom just might have to do that.
Please don't forget to mention my name.
That was worst thing Tom could've done.
It's been a very emotional time for me.
Tom is likely to be out, isn't he?
I look forward to seeing you in Boston.
That was worst thing Tom could've said.
Each correct answer is worth one point.
Tom left to go to pick Mary up.
We need to fix that problem right now.
That's exactly what Tom wanted changed.
We felt the earthquake here in Boston.
Tom is living in Boston, isn't he?
To tell the truth, I didn't talk much.
That's why Tom doesn't want to do that.
This is a personal and private matter.
Tom may have had an accomplice.
They had no reason to ask us to leave.
Was Tom the one who gave you that ring?
Nothing interesting happens in Boston.
Tom is looking for help, isn't he?
I've also lived in Boston and Chicago.
Tom moved to Australia in 2013.
I'll be there next Monday to help you.
Apparently, Tom doesn't do that anymore.
We're supposed to follow these rules.
Tom is looking for work, isn't he?
We're already busy looking into that.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like doing that.
We don't expect that to happen again.
Tom is lucky to be here, isn't he?
This is a nice way to start the year.
Apparently, Tom left his wallet at home.
They were very cheap a few years ago.
Tom said he had fun doing that.
There's really nothing more I can do.
Did anything happen between you and Tom?
There weren't very many people there.
Tom is lying about that, isn't he?
Please tell me exactly what happened.
If we don't do it, it won't get done.
Tom seemed to want me to leave.
This is a very special place for me.
I'm not sure what Tom does for a living.
That's why I didn't want to do this.
Tom is moving back home, isn't he?
Thank you for coming to our wedding.
I've advised Tom not to start dong that.
Tom shouldn't be working today.
I was living in Boston at that time.
It's really nice how you look after Tom.
I think it's time for us to do that.
Tom is moving to Boston, isn't he?
We look forward to visiting Boston.
Maybe Tom didn't do what he said he did.
We leave for Boston in the morning.
Tom started humming to himself.
This is just a temporary situation.
Maybe Tom should've done something else.
They're sticking by their decision.
Tom is next on the list, isn't he?
I want to talk about what happened.
Of course, Tom shouldn't have done that.
I ate bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom started talking about Mary.
We take the allegations seriously.
Thank goodness Tom had health insurance.
We need to fix that problem today?
Tom is now in Australia, isn't he?
This is where we're going to stay.
That's something Tom should do tomorrow.
There's really nothing you can do.
Wasn't Tom with you yesterday afternoon?
I'd rather be in Boston right now.
Tom is off duty tonight, isn't he?
I think maybe that's a good thing.
Apparently, Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
What I did obviously didn't help.
Tom told me to say nothing.
We're going to Boston next month.
Eventually, Tom did what he said he'd do.
Tom is on a strict diet, isn't he?
Those things are going to happen.
Tom will give a speech tonight.
This is just a temporary problem.
That's exactly what Tom said I should do.
This is a very important message.
Tom is on the other bus, isn't he?
There's really nothing we can do.
That's something Tom shouldn't try doing.
That's why I became a journalist.
Tom will likely be unimpressed.
That's never been a goal of mine.
That's the only reason Tom is doing that.
I'm actually feeling pretty good.
Tom is on the swim team, isn't he?
I was living in Boston back then.
There wasn't anything I could do for Tom.
I want to become a music teacher.
Tom wouldn't talk to reporters.
I ate ham and eggs for breakfast.
Tom is packing his bags, isn't he?
How much more support do we need?
I don't know how to spell Tom's last name.
Each correct answer is one point.
Tom and Mary argue all the time.
We've decided to move to Boston.
Tom is paid by the hour, isn't he?
I seems like Tom prefers being by himself.
They've done an outstanding job.
Tom couldn't sleep on the plane.
There's really nothing I can do.
I wanted to go over a few things with Tom.
There were a lot of great ideas.
Tom is planning a party, isn't he?
That's what really surprised me.
If Tom doesn't do that, I wonder who will.
That doesn't look like a school.
Tom couldn't sleep on the train.
It's good to see that happening.
It looks like Tom has missed your cooking.
It's definitely worth the price.
Tom is playing outdoors, isn't he?
I've photographed many children.
It was fun watching Tom trying to do that.
I think what we saw was a shark.
Tom decided not to go with Mary.
We don't expect that to happen.
Luckily, Tom only suffered minor injuries.
This is a serious issue for us.
Tom is pretty confident, isn't he?
That's what scared me the most.
Perhaps Tom could've done that by himself.
That's definitely not the plan.
You have the right to do that.
Sometimes Tom swims laps before breakfast.
We weren't allowed to do that.
Tom is pretty irritated, isn't he?
Today's going to be a big day.
Suddenly, Tom realized what was happening.
This is very important for me.
Tom has never given me anything.
They never told me what to do.
The problem is Tom didn't know what to do.
They haven't contacted us yet.
Tom is pretty laid back, isn't he?
That's why we need to protest.
You knew Tom was lying to you, didn't you?
That was very, very dangerous.
Fortunately, Tom earns more than he spends.
My whole family will be there.
Tom is pretty mad at me, isn't he?
It's been a tough year for us.
Tom is pretty obnoxious, isn't he?
It was the best vacation ever.
I suppose Tom made some interesting points.
I'll definitely remember this.
How much support will we have?
Tom is proud of his son, isn't he?
We might as well do that now.
I've advised Tom not to continue dong that.
We decided to move to Boston.
Tom is getting better every day.
There were many people there.
Perhaps Tom should've done that by himself.
That doesn't to matter to me.
Tom is psyched about it, isn't he?
That didn't bother me at all.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary was doing.
I've never seen one of those.
Tom is going to be back shortly.
I think it's time for a beer.
That doesn't mean Tom will stop doing that.
How much support do you need?
Tom is quite a gardener, isn't he?
How much support do you have?
There's not much Tom can do about that now.
We've been very cooperative.
Tom is going to be coming later.
We want to fix that problem.
Tom is quite often late, isn't he?
We need to get back to work.
As long as Tom is with you, I'm not worried.
We need to fix that problem.
Tom is going to be driving home.
We may be forced to do that.
I came to Boston a few weeks before Tom did.
There's almost no milk left.
Tom is rather eccentric, isn't he?
I've never had one of those.
I can't say that I blame Tom for doing that.
I had to do that to survive.
Tom is going to be here shortly.
We'll look into the matter.
I seems like Tom prefers working by himself.
We want to do what's right.
Tom is really angry now, isn't he?
We need to keep doing this.
Isn't there something we can do to help Tom?
There's not much milk left.
Tom is going to be off tomorrow.
It would be better if Tom heard it from you.
It's been a very long trip.
It would be better if Tom heard that from you.
I'm already here in Boston.
Tom is really different, isn't he?
What we have is very good.
It's unclear why Tom had stopped doing that.
We want to get back there.
Tom is going to be proven right.
We may be forced to leave.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom the truth.
This is what I love doing.
Tom is really into jazz, isn't he?
This is a new opportunity.
Obviously, Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
The fire has been put out.
Tom is going to deny everything.
I'm a little apprehensive.
Perhaps Tom really didn't write this letter.
I'll be there next Monday.
Tom is really motivated, isn't he?
We might as well do that.
We believe Tom is still inside the building.
This will be good for us.
Tom is one of my wife's friends.
What are Tom and I supposed to do with this?
I just do what I want do.
Tom is relaxing at home, isn't he?
We need to discuss that.
I don't want to do that the same way Tom did.
Tom just didn't know what to do.
I won't buy this one.
I needed to do that, but Tom wouldn't let me.
I could see a change.
Tom is richer than I am, isn't he?
Help me make a list.
Tom missed an important meeting.
I like long baths.
I'm not very interested in what Tom is doing.
I got in my car.
Tom is scared of ghosts, isn't he?
We still don't know what caused the problem.
The girl sitting across the table from Tom is Mary.
If you don't behave yourself, you won't get any dessert.
You won't be needed.
We don't need your help anymore.
I didn't notice that.
I don't love anyone more than I love you.
I don't love anybody more than I love you.
Mr. Jackson rarely praises his students.
Mr. Jackson seldom praises his students.
Mr. Jackson hardly ever praises his students.
Mr. Jackson almost never praises his students.
We need to talk to Tom about that.
You could've chosen an easier way to do that.
On days Tom doesn't go to school, he studies at home.
On days that Tom doesn't go to school, he studies at home.
On days when Tom isn't here, he's usually at the beach.
This isn't a good time to do that.
This isn't a good time to visit Tom.
Don't tell me you lost your new umbrella.
You're going to have a little sister.
I've already told you what we had for lunch.
Do you like Australia?
Do you like living in Australia?
Do you like working in Australia?
Why do you like Australia so much?
The wind blew Tom's hat off.
Everyone's on vacation.
Everybody's on vacation.
I'll show you what to do.
I'll show you the best way to do that.
I'll show you a better way to do that.
What did you see in Australia?
I suppose you know what to do.
I suppose you know how to do that.
I suppose you know what Tom is doing now.
The acting in this series is pathetic.
Mary and Tom gained one hundred pounds by binge watching series online.
How can anybody read in this room?
Are you the same age as him?
We're the same age, believe it or not.
We are the same age, believe it or not.
If you want to stay young, you need to think young.
Call me Sami.
People started calling him Sami.
My girlfriend is crazy about this name.
Pablo Picasso was a great painter.
Sami kept marrying young girls.
Sami was over sixty.
Sami is married to a young chick.
Sami is going to get married again.
Sami doesn't want to hurt his family.
Sami never kisses Layla.
Sami is never late.
Sami is dating a young chick.
I want you to meet an old friend of mine.
Sami is going to join us.
Sami is gonna join us.
Sami made a couple of phone calls.
Sami can trust Layla.
Sami has always been a big guy with ladies.
Your name is Sami, right?
Do you mind if I asked you a question?
Sami has beautiful hair.
Sami likes Layla's hair.
Sami loves Layla's hair.
I love the way you say it.
Sami didn't tell Layla.
Sami had gray hair since he was in his twenties.
Sami's girlfriend is cute.
Sami could buy this for twenty dollars.
Sami was not kidding.
Does Sami's mother know what he's doing?
Sami was leaving that afternoon.
Sami is wearing the wrong glasses.
Sami gave Layla his book.
Sami lent Layla his book.
Sami lent Layla his dictionary.
Sami gave Layla his dictionary.
The wind blows 'ff ff'.
Sami needed a dictionary.
Sami worries about that.
Sami doesn't know shit.
Sami doesn't know anything.
Sami knows nothing.
Is Sami fooling around?
Can you see Sami?
Sami stole Layla's credit card.
The goose gaggles 'ga ga'.
Sami was watching Al-Jazeera.
Sami watches Al-Jazeera.
This is Sami's point of view.
The mouth breathes 'ha-h ha-h'.
Sami and Layla worked and played.
Sami and Layla are brothers.
Sami and Layla are friends.
Sami ruined the party.
The mouse squeaks 'ee ee ee'.
Sami has an aquarium.
Sami bought Layla a new aquarium.
Sami doesn't use this aquarium.
Sami's aquarium is in the garage.
Sami and Layla went to the bathroom together.
Sami is in the bathroom.
The duck quacks 'quack quack'.
Sami is interested in sea monsters.
Sami spent the whole day in the bathroom.
Sami lost his mind with fear.
It's only Sami.
Sami heard that.
One thing is crystal clear: Sami isn't coming.
The wolf howls 'awoo awoo'.
What's an octopus?
That's what Sami is trying to tell you.
That tickles.
I bet Sami ran away.
Sami caught a spider.
Sami found a huge spider in the barn.
Sami keeps a giant spider in his room.
The bear growls 'grr grr'.
Sami keeps a tarantula in his room.
Sami is sleeping in the attic.
Sami lives in the attic.
Sami has air conditioning.
Sami is coming over.
Sami is in big trouble now.
Sami can't take it anymore.
Sami is in really big trouble.
Sami wants to see the ocean.
Sami's daughter was crying.
The cat cries 'miaow'.
Sami is wearing a bathing cap.
Sami is supposed to wear a bathing cap.
Sami forgot his bathing cap.
Sami lost his bathing cap.
Sami lent his bathing cap to Layla.
Sami doesn't want Layla swimming without her bathing cap.
The chicken clucks 'cluck cluck'.
Sami won't let you swim in his swimming pool without a bathing cap.
The cuckoo sings 'cuck-koo'.
The dog growls 'grr'.
The serpent hisses 'sss'.
The Jay cries 'tac tac'.
Pass me the book.
Sami promised Layla.
I have more books than you.
Sami wants to play this game.
I am never coming to the beach with you again.
Sami will play with you again later.
Sami will play with you later.
Sami stayed on the beach.
Sami saw a dead octopus on the beach.
Sami said he was attacked by an octopus.
The owl hoots 'woo woo'.
The hare squeaks 'wah'.
The frog croaks 'ribbit'.
The ass brays 'eeyore'.
Sami was fooling around.
Sami was yelling for help.
Sami did it again.
The horse-fly buzzes 'zz zz'.
Sami said it was time to go.
What took Sami so long?
Sami loves the beach.
Sami learned to swim.
Sami saw a shark.
Sami panicked.
The sky has fire and stars.
What's this dinosaur called?
Clouds hang in the air.
Birds fly under the clouds.
We don't often see Tom riding a bicycle.
The earth has mountains, woods, fields, animals and people.
The heavens rotate and encompass the earth, which stands in the middle.
Tom has never told Mary that he was sorry.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that now.
The heavens rotate and encompass the earth, which stands in the middle. The sun, wherever it is, shines perpetually, however dark clouds may take it away from us; it creates by its rays light, and the light of day. On the other side is darkness, and therefore night.
I can't believe that Tom would do that to you.
That looks like Sami.
Sami didn't know what to do when he heard Layla's name.
Is Sami all right?
Sami can't jump.
Sami wasn't so sure this was Layla.
Sami has visitors.
Sami has a visitor.
I think that Tom has done that at least one time.
I think that Tom has done that at least once.
Sami was curious about this girl.
Sami taught Layla how to use the crutches.
Sami needed practise.
Sami was as good on crutches as he was on his own feet.
Sami was allowed to walk on his cast.
Sami's leg was healing.
Sami can't read X-rays.
Mennad didn't want to get too far from his house.
Sami wanted to go for a walk.
Sami and Layla went to the park every day.
Sami and Layla liked taking slow strolls in the park.
Sami took some good pictures.
Sami was back to normal.
Sami was back to normal alright.
Sami didn't even know how to ride a bike.
Sami wanted to try Layla's bike.
Sami wants to try this bike.
Do you want to try Sami's bike?
Sami blew up lots of balloons.
Sami blew up the balloon.
Sami can't help Layla today.
The man with the blue hat is Sami.
Sami couldn't keep up.
Sami is ready to ride a bike on the road.
Sami should stay on the right side of the road.
Sami loved the wind blowing in his hair.
Sami is gonna be late for school.
Sami is going to be late for school.
Sami finished his paper route.
In the night, the moon shines and stars glisten and twinkle. In the evening is twilight: in the morning the break of day and the dawn.
Sami lives in the house across the stream.
Sami is a paperboy.
Fire glows, burns and consumes to ashes. A spark of it struck from a flint (or firestone) by means of a steel, and taken by tinder in a tinder box, lights a match, and after that a candle, or a stick, and causes a flame, or blaze, which catches hold of houses.
Sami scared us to death.
If Tom had money, I'm sure he'd lend me some.
Boston has a lot to offer.
Tom must have something to hide.
Boston has changed a lot since the last time I was here.
It's our hope that Tom will accept our offer.
Boston is a very exciting place.
Tom is shy around girls, isn't he?
I can't afford to do this.
Normally Tom would be working, but not today.
Tom wasn't able to impress Mary.
This is a very good team.
What are Tom and I supposed to do with these?
We all remember what happened the last time we were here.
Tom is smarter than you, isn't he?
How are you going to keep Tom from doing that?
We now live in Boston.
Tom wouldn't discuss the matter.
We went back to Boston where we stayed for three weeks.
That's exactly what Tom said he wanted to eat.
We were both exhausted by the time we got to Boston.
Tom is still a bachelor, isn't he?
We won three games.
You realize Tom wasn't apologizing, don't you?
We're going to be in Boston for three days.
Tom wouldn't speak to the media.
We're going to be in Boston next weekend.
I don't believe Tom is really going to do that.
We're going to stay in Boston for three weeks.
Tom is still a prisoner, isn't he?
We've spent the last three months at Boston.
I wasn't very interested in what Tom was doing.
Tom's parents still support him.
Tom has repeatedly denied doing that.
Police are investigating the crash.
Tom has clearly made some mistakes.
Police are investigating the incident.
I'm looking forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
I'll try to persuade Tom to sing a song for us.
Tom is still an amateur, isn't he?
Our team has now lost three games in a row.
Maybe Tom will still get the chance to do that.
It was cold in Boston.
Tom came to Boston to visit Many.
It was cold in Boston last night.
You think Tom will probably do that, don't you?
I go to Boston every summer.
Tom is still doing that, isn't he?
This kind of weather isn't unusual for Boston.
If Tom hadn't done that, I'm sure Mary would've.
We both grew up in Boston.
Tom decided to keep his distance.
Here's a list of churches in Boston.
Instead of reading, Tom just sat there thinking.
Sami is not a guest. He lives here.
Sami is not a guest. In fact, he's the host.
Sami watched Layla's dog while she was in Cairo.
Sami is adorable.
Sami has an adorable dog.
Sami's dog is so cute.
Sami's dog chases its tail all the time.
Sami's dog likes begging at the table.
Sami was looking at Layla's dog.
Sami is a person, too.
Sami has a clever dog.
Sami wanted to get up here.
Sami wants this chair.
Sami is being rude.
Sami was having trouble sleeping.
Sami slept in my bed.
Sami and Layla slept in the same bed.
Sami doesn't have time.
Sami will be late for school.
Sami should totally get a dog like this.
Sami's dog is very demanding.
Sami has to sleep upstairs.
Sami is a little jealous of Farid.
Sami is getting lots of previleges.
Sami wants a massage.
Sami lives here.
Sami lived here.
Sami sleeps here.
Sami's cupcakes look delicious.
Sami has a monkey.
Sami ate Layla's cupcakes.
Sami is jealous of Layla.
Sami is not jealous.
Sami isn't jealous.
Sami ate those cupcakes.
Sami has heard that noise before.
Sami was leaving the following day.
Sami will be here in an hour.
Sami ran to the store.
Sami will be back in five minutes.
Maybe Sami is right.
Sami is small.
Sami didn't believe me about Layla.
Sami is a rude guest.
Sami has daffodils in his backyard.
Sami is hungry, too.
Sami is so hungry.
Sami's dog can't come in.
Sami went to the science museum.
Sami can't go to the science museum.
Sami wants to go to the science museum.
What about Sami?
Sami won the contest.
Sami won a radio contest.
Layla needs to stay covered up.
Sami got a new pair of glasses.
Sami certainly has a big appetite.
Sami is as normal as can be.
Sami seems pretty special to me.
What breed is Sami's dog?
Sami's meatballs are delicious.
Sami heard dogs barking.
Sami is going to stay here.
Sami has had too many close call.
Sami is gonna stay here.
Sami's soup smells good.
A dog ran into Sami's room.
Sami is pretty sure he saw a dog.
That's where Sami went.
Sami went there.
Sami knows what the problem is.
Sami won the radio contest.
Sami won fair and square.
Sami came here.
Sami is supposed to be your best friend.
Sami was playing with his new puppy.
Sami really misses his cat.
Sami was leaving at six.
Sami reminded me how much I miss my children.
Sami left without saying a word.
Sami would sail the seven seas to find Layla.
Sami likes the color.
Sami likes Layla's skirt.
Everything Layla puts on is transformed in a work of art.
Sami has an earring.
Sami wants to know what is going on.
Sami didn't care.
Sami is being very sincere.
Sami has got a flu.
Sami has osteoporosis.
Sami is very sick.
Layla and Salima were playing dolls.
Sami doesn't care anyway.
Of course Sami cares.
Sami needs to leave this house.
Why does Sami treat Layla like that?
Sami is almost an adult.
It's time for Sami to start making decisions about his future.
Sami has faith in Layla.
Sami has faith in Layla and you don't.
Sami was eating his sandwich.
Sami has got to make it himself.
Sami will do it.
Sami is going to the mall.
Sami is getting crazy.
Sami's best years are behind him.
Does Sami drink?
Does Sami smoke?
Sami's daughter is a model.
Sami promised Layla fame and glory.
Sami's hands are perfect.
Sami likes to use powerful words to describe girls.
Sami has never considered being a model.
Sami is a professional.
Sami can get work for Layla.
Sami is so natural.
Sami is a tall handsome man.
Sami didn't disobey his father.
Sami doesn't want Layla to be a model.
Sami and Layla just talked.
Sami is not nuts.
Layla has a more feminine side.
Sami married a beautiful girl.
Sami's daughters are the beauties of our family.
Layla has fabulous fingers.
Sami's hands are his doorway to riches. He's the most experienced surgeon in town.
Sami was trying to sabotage the machine.
Sami's hands are ugly.
Sami was seen on advertisements around the world.
Sami is a mean man.
Sami will be upstairs.
Sami is such a hypocrite.
Sami is a mean teacher.
Sami is going to shoot his first commercial next week.
Sami bought a private jet.
Sami's hands are his gateway to riches. He's the most experienced heart surgeon in town.
Sami played with me.
Sami doesn't think so.
Sami doesn't really like this.
Sami is not gay.
Sami isn't gay.
Sami isn't using Layla.
Sami has a problem with Layla.
Sami made an excellent suggestion.
Sami extended his hands.
Sami is ready now.
Sami started filming.
Sami was looking at Layla's hands.
Sami needs to see this.
Sami's hands were shaking.
Sami is a geek.
Sami is my best friend.
Sami has girly hands.
Sami would never say that.
Sami is embarrassed.
Sami is a brilliant, wonderful man.
Sami makes mistakes.
That's what scares Sami.
Sami wants to control Layla.
Sami can't predict the future.
Sami called again.
Sami never gives up.
Sami can't outrun Layla.
Sami is fast for us.
Sami is going to a party.
Sami knows that for fact.
Sami made these invitations.
Sami set a trap.
Sami has invited everybody to his party.
Sami doesn't throw parties.
Sami has another party to attend.
Sami gave Layla a party invitation.
Sami wants to try this again.
Sami wants to eat the sandwich.
Sami is behind it.
Sami forgot Layla.
There is still time to save Sami.
Sami has been very busy preparing for the party.
Maybe Sami was wrong.
Never trust Sami.
All of Sami's guests arrived.
Sami should be at this party.
It looks like Sami likes smelly places.
Sami's pillow stinks.
Sami was waiting for the main course.
Sami ate all those cakes.
Sami ate all those little cupcakes.
Sami has a better idea.
Sami woke me up.
Sami is a lazy boy.
Sami won't be happy.
Sami had a bath.
Are the Bakirs having a party, too?
Sami was here with Layla.
Sami's party was fun.
Sami was going to eat the cupcakes.
Sami isn't invited.
Sami invited everyone.
Sami called Layla when her commercial came up.
Sami slept with the light on.
Sami was so ugly.
Sami could cook.
Sami was sitting on the couch.
Sami played some soft music.
Sami looked Layla right in the face.
Sami is always telling this story.
Sami was going out.
Sami left me here all by myself.
A burglar broke into Sami's store.
Sami is in here.
Sami made himself a warm glass of milk.
Sami drank a glass of vinagar.
Sami should shut his big mouth.
Sami has a big mouth.
Sami is going out with Farid.
Sami got out of jail.
Sami wasn't in jail.
Sami and Farid were cellmates.
Who told you Sami was in jail?
Sami is a guest in our house.
Sami gave Farid a cigar.
Sami is a little bit too old.
Sami wants to watch TV.
Sami knows this place.
Sami was watching a war movie.
Sami stole Layla's TV.
Sami forgot to close the door.
Sami closed the door but forgot to lock it.
Sami is a professional burglar.
Sami forgot to lock the door.
Sami left Layla by herself.
Sami was helpless.
Sami was unconscious.
Sami knocked Layla out.
The burglar knocked Sami out.
Sami hit Layla with something hard.
Sami dropped his gun.
Sami was so surprised about that.
Sami gave the gun to the police.
Sami is making a big mistake.
Sami took the gun to the police station.
Sami is making a big mistake taking that rifle to the police station.
Sami sold Layla a gun.
Sami has a gun.
Sami doesn't have to worry about it.
Sami doesn't want the police to be involved in this.
Sami is a young man.
This is Sami's last day of freedom.
Sami is going to jail.
Sami is ready to go.
Sami got his money.
That's easy for Sami but that's hard for Layla.
Sami was up all night.
Sami didn't sleep a wink that night.
Sami wants to recant.
Sami put the gun in a suitcase.
Sami took the gun out of the suitcase.
Where is Sami's gun?
Sami opened the suitcase.
Sami put the gun in his pants.
Sami sewed up the hole in his pocket.
Sami put the gun in his pocket.
Sami will buy this one.
Sami thinks this is a bad omen.
Sami has a hole in his pocket.
Sami went to a pawn shop.
This is Sami's pawn shop.
Sami is interested in everything.
Sami and his son work together.
Sami is a real man.
Sami steals guns.
Sami wants six hundred dollars for this gun.
Sami can't give you a hundred dollars.
Sami doesn't usually carry that much cash with him.
Sami had this gun pointed right at me and was demanding money.
Sami dropped the gun as he ran away.
Sami has no criminal records.
They're not gonna bust Sami.
They're not going to bust Sami.
We took showers.
I'm sure everything will work out for you.
It's ridgy!
They're ridgy!
Tom has suspenders.
Do not send me more messages.
I never thought that such a tender girl would become such a rude and arrogant woman.
My uncle is very rich.
I didn't know her name.
I didn't know he was ill.
I didn't know he was back.
Tom pled guilty and was deported.
Tom pleaded guilty and was deported.
This picture was taken in Boston.
This picture of Tom was taken in Boston.
This photo of Tom was taken in Boston.
This picture of Tom was taken in Boston last year.
This photo of Tom was taken in Boston last year.
Is it possible that'll happen?
Is it possible that that'll happen?
Tom went to Boston. Everyone else went to Chicago.
Tom went to Boston. Everybody else went to Chicago.
There's no chance Tom will agree to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will agree to do that.
The person Tom thought he'd killed is still alive.
The person that Tom thought he'd killed is still alive.
The problem is Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
The problem is that Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
We moved everything Tom will need into his bedroom.
We moved everything that Tom will need into his bedroom.
That's something Tom should've done a long time ago.
That's something that Tom should've done a long time ago.
Now Tom is making the same mistake Mary was making.
Now Tom is making the same mistake that Mary was making.
You didn't really think Tom would let me drive, did you?
You didn't really think that Tom would let me drive, did you?
After all Tom has been through, you'd think he'd be discouraged.
After all Tom has been through, you'd think that he'd be discouraged.
Deep down, Tom probably knows Mary doesn't really love him.
Deep down, Tom probably knows that Mary doesn't really love him.
I didn't know Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I didn't know that Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
Tom is still downstairs, isn't he?
Other than a few days in Boston, I spent the whole summer in Chicago.
My major concern is that Tom won't like it here.
The temperature was thirty degrees this afternoon in Boston.
Tom didn't pay attention to Mary.
It's not just happening here in Boston, but in Chicago, too.
Whether I go or not depends on whether Tom goes.
Both drivers involved in the accident are Boston residents.
Tom is still fairly shy, isn't he?
If you live in Boston, you probably already know that.
Tom doesn't do that much anymore.
We don't often have this kind of weather in Boston.
It would probably be better if Tom didn't do that.
Three more women were murdered in Boston yesterday.
Tom is still having fun, isn't he?
This is the one of the tallest buildings in Boston.
Maybe Tom should've told Mary about what happened.
Are you going to stay in Boston after you graduate?
Tom doesn't eat pizza very often.
These kinds of things can also be found in Boston.
Tom is still in college, isn't he?
The documents have been sent to our Boston office.
Tom drowned in his swimming pool.
Only about thirty people in Australia can do that.
I've already told Tom what I want him to do for me.
In Boston, it'll be sunny and just above freezing.
Tom is still optimistic, isn't he?
Next year, the conference will be held in Boston.
Only three people showed up at Tom's piano recital.
It was thirty degrees this afternoon in Boston.
Tom hasn't said what he might do.
We got married in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary was trying to say.
Weren't you supposed to do this last Monday?
Tom is still overweight, isn't he?
By the time we get to Boston, it'll be dark.
Tom is going to be a good doctor.
This year will be our third year in Boston.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom really does that.
It's a beautiful spring day here in Boston.
Tom is still suspicious, isn't he?
All of my children graduated from Harvard.
Tom is going to be wearing a tie.
This movie was actually filmed in Boston.
I didn't explain it well enough for Tom to understand.
Weren't you supposed to stay in Boston?
Tom is still undefeated, isn't he?
These products were designed in Boston.
If Tom is anything like his brother, I won't like him.
Our team will play in Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to buy that for you.
In Boston, the situation is even worse.
If Tom is anything like his brother, he won't do that.
All three of those men are from Boston.
Tom is still unemployed, isn't he?
There's a lot of cool stuff in Boston.
Tom is going to catch up with us.
Boston is a really hard place to live.
Tom is still very angry, isn't he?
This is the reason I moved to Boston.
I'm not going to tell you what Tom and I are going to do.
The trip from Boston was three hours.
Tom is going to retire next year.
Our main office is located in Boston.
Nobody has heard anything from Tom since he went to Boston.
Our head office is located in Boston.
Tom is still very upset, isn't he?
Both companies are located in Boston.
Even though Tom eats like a bird, he's still gaining weight.
Below is a list of schools in Boston.
Tom is probably kissing Mary now.
A couple from Boston was also killed.
I waited half the afternoon for Tom, but he never showed up.
A bomb killed three people in Boston.
Tom is still vulnerable, isn't he?
That's the reason I moved to Boston.
I was hungry and so I asked Tom to make me something to eat.
You need to get out of Boston more.
Tom is probably somewhere nearby.
You need to get out of Boston more often.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom really keeps his promise.
This is the largest park in Boston.
Tom is stronger than me, isn't he?
This is something unique to Boston.
The only reason why Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
Only about thirty people showed up.
Tom is ready to do that, I think.
Not everybody here works in Boston.
Tom is tall for his age, isn't he?
Mary died of breast cancer in 2013.
Tom isn't sure what he did wrong.
It took decades for that to happen.
If Tom hadn't tried to kiss Mary, she wouldn't have slapped him.
Boston seems to be the place to be.
Tom is taller than I am, isn't he?
We won't put up with any nonsense.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom really does what he says he'll do.
This used to be a very small town.
Tom never intended to marry Mary.
That's why we moved out of Boston.
Tom is terrible at golf, isn't he?
That's why Boston is so important.
If Tom is convicted, he'll likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
That's the kind of city Boston is.
Tom probably knows why Mary lied.
Not everybody here is from Boston.
Tom is thinking it over, isn't he?
It's happening all around Boston.
Tom should've told Mary to leave.
Boston is the best place to live.
Tom is thirty years old, isn't he?
Boston has many good restaurants.
Tom started talking about Boston.
The news from Boston isn't good.
Tom is three months old, isn't he?
Rent in Boston is too expensive.
Tom taught French to his friends.
It's just another day in Boston.
Is Tom really a spy?
This is a great day for Boston.
Tom is tired of waiting, isn't he?
That's a good thing for Boston.
That's perfect, Tom.
Something's going on in Boston.
Tom tried to steal my girlfriend.
Our company is based in Boston.
Tom thinks I'm dead.
This is great news for Boston.
Tom is too old for this, isn't he?
There's a lot to do in Boston.
I liked Tom right off.
The kids and I live in Boston.
Tom wanted to eat the whole cake.
We've seen this movie before.
Tom is trying very hard, isn't he?
In 2013, we moved to Boston.
I really owe Tom a lot.
Both teams are from Boston.
Tom wanted to make Mary smile.
I think I prefer Boston.
Tom is turning thirteen, isn't he?
I got bored in Boston.
Tom was here a couple months ago.
I didn't know that Tom was back.
I didn't know Tom would cry.
I didn't know Tom was in the hospital.
Mary spends a lot of money on jewelry.
Mary wears a lot of jewelry.
Mary wears too much jewelry, in my opinion.
I also asked myself that same question.
The situation is much worse than we originally thought.
The problem is going to be much more difficult to solve than we originally thought.
I stayed inside all day, studying.
Let me know what I can do to help.
The situation is gradually moving towards a resolution.
Layla is a pretty name.
Dress young.
Twenty is a wonderful age.
Sami was waiting for you.
Sami opened it.
Sami is the greatest.
Sami is happy with her.
Sami loves her.
Sami will get Layla another gift.
Sami is talking to Layla's father.
Sami has a cool daddy.
Sami gave the tickets to Layla.
Sami will go with Layla.
Sami met a girl.
Sami went to the stadium.
Sami gave Layla a soda.
Sami bought Layla a soda.
Sami is sick of being Layla's boyfriend.
Sami thinks Layla is a witch.
Sami prefers jazz.
Sami prefers jazz, too.
Sami is separated.
How long have Sami and Layla been separated?
Sami won't do that again.
Sami will not do that again.
Sami is my brother and I love him.
Sami and Layla are just friends.
Sami and I are just friends.
Sami wanted to dance with Layla.
Sami danced with Layla.
Sami is dancing with Layla.
Sami wished he was that guy.
Sami comes here all the time.
Sami wants to date Layla.
Sami and Layla were dancing.
Sami is Layla's nephew.
Sami is thirsty.
Sami won't go away.
Sami went to get a drink.
Sami was planning a surprise.
Sami will be OK with Layla.
Sami needs to get Layla out of this.
Sami did that on his birthday.
Sami will never do this again.
Sami kept Layla busy.
Sami went straight home.
Sami cares so much for his sons.
Sami has photographs.
Sami was Layla's brother.
Sami has a sister.
Sami hates Layla.
Sami and Layla have six kids.
Sami and Layla have six children.
Sami went to lunch.
Sami is looking for his keys.
What did Sami tell you exactly?
Sami is raising three boys.
Sami says it all the time.
Sami is still single.
Sami was able to help Layla.
Sami's policy was cancelled.
Sami wants to try this on.
Sami loves them all.
Sami is not your friend.
Sami isn't your friend.
Sami is eating his snack.
Sami doesn't want to get hurt.
Sami sat right next to me.
Sami plays football.
Sami played soccer.
The green trash bag is leaking.
Sami has a new house now.
Sami still drinks.
Sami is at a party.
Sami is curious about that as well.
Sami's beer is right here.
Sami never wins.
Sami wouldn't say that.
Sami knew what happened.
Sami's truck is parked in front of my place.
Sami is trying to get rid of the evidence.
Sami has taken three showers this afternoon.
Sami is entitled to do whatever he wants.
Sami wants to take a walk.
Sami is out there.
Sami is alone, too.
Sami wants to be Layla's friend.
Sami didn't even invite Layla in.
Sami's friend is dead.
Sami's girlfriend is coming over.
Sami is good at making friends.
Sami and I come from the same place.
Sami is not worried about it.
Sami isn't worried about it.
Sami is not worried about this.
Sami isn't worried about this.
Sami is not worried about that.
Sami isn't worried about that.
Sami is first.
Sami is a lumberjack.
Sami doesn't need them.
Sami doesn't use them.
Sami is still smiling.
Sami was visiting friends in Egypt.
Ask someone else to pay for that.
Ask somebody else to pay for that.
Does anyone here actually know what they're doing?
Does anybody here actually know what they're doing?
I think that it's going to be hard to find a good place to live Boston.
I think it's going to be difficult to find a good place to live Boston.
I think it's going to be hard to find a good place to live Boston.
I think that it's going to be difficult to find a good place to live Boston.
I think there are too many lawyers in Boston.
I think that there are too many lawyers in Boston.
The hospital I usually go to is closed for renovations.
The hospital that I usually go to is closed for renovations.
The paper I need is on my desk at home.
The paper that I need is on my desk at home.
This is one of the reasons I don't like Boston.
This is one of the reasons that I don't like Boston.
That's one of the reasons I haven't yet been to Boston.
That's one of the reasons that I haven't yet been to Boston.
Sami broke his nose.
Sami sprang his ankle.
Sami got you these tapes.
Sami is wearing a wig.
Sami has a head shave appointment.
Sami is 100% sure.
Sami wants Layla's opinion.
Sami told me what he thought.
Sami came back home.
Sami made an impulsive decision.
Sami and Layla had a very rocky marriage.
Sami should focus on the priorities.
Sami is making the biggest mistake of his life.
Sami went shopping.
Sami loves that woman.
They must remain calm.
Sami broke up with Layla.
Sami wants to break up with Layla.
Sami went to the bank.
Sami was Layla's boyfriend.
Sami drives a yellow car.
Sami is mine.
Sami answered the question right.
Sami's car is a piece of nostalgia.
Sami doesn't need Layla's car.
Sami needs this battery.
Sami needs Layla's car.
Sami needs to borrow Layla's car.
Sami borrowed Layla's car.
Sami needs to come back here.
Sami never did that to Layla.
Sami was talking to his car.
Sami was talking to me.
Sami hasn't noticed this.
Sami hasn't noticed this yet.
Could you check the tyre pressure?
Sami got a really good seat.
Sami needs to watch this show.
Sami is studying for a test.
Sami is studying Arabic poetry.
Sami turned the TV on.
Sami got his degree.
Sami loves you like his own sons.
Sami will go to the seminar with Layla tonight.
Sami went with Layla.
Sami's hands smell like a baby's bottom.
Sami brought me here to embarrass me.
Sami got the job.
Sami stripped naked.
Sami's mother was very fat.
Sami got a phone call.
Sami went to the minimart.
Sami is so immature.
Sami isn't fine.
Sami is not fine.
Sami told Layla not to call him "Sam."
Sami wants to get good grades.
Sami gave me the phone.
Sami is going to have to move out.
Sami is gonna have to move out.
Sami and Layla have a long conversation to finish.
Sami rides a bus to work.
Sami rides in the front of the bus.
Sami is the one who messed up.
Sami works hard and gets good grades.
Sami has to stay home and watch his little sister, Layla.
Sami stayed home to watch and feed his little sister, Layla.
Sami was listening to rap music.
Sami turned the music up.
Sami gave it to me for my birthday.
Tom had expected to win.
More than half of my high school classmates are still living in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom about what Mary did.
Tom is unhappy about it, isn't he?
I met you about three years ago at a conference in Boston.
I'm not the one who took care of Tom when his mother was in the hospital.
Don't ask me to help Tom.
Long lines of people are waiting to get into the stadium.
I'm not the one who told Tom he didn't need to attend today's meeting.
Tom wouldn't comment on the case.
Flights from Boston to here take about thirty minutes.
I'm not the one who took care of Tom's dog while he was in Boston.
Tom is up for promotion, isn't he?
There are three large mobile home parks in this area.
I'm not the one who told Tom that Mary's house had burned down.
Tom wouldn't provide any details.
Our offices are located in the western part Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom that Mary had had an accident.
I really feel sad for Tom.
All three men have been taken to a nearby hospital.
I'm not the one who told Tom about what you did yesterday.
Tom is upset about this, isn't he?
This is one of the best public schools in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom when the meeting would be.
That's part of who Tom is.
There was a large explosion in Boston last night.
I'm not the one who told Tom that Mary didn't like him.
Tom Jackson isn't with us anymore.
This kind of thing has never happened in Boston.
I'm not the one who took the bandage off of Tom's arm.
Tom was obviously annoyed.
My parents moved from Boston to Chicago in 2013.
I'm not the one who took out the garbage this morning.
Tom is upstairs packing, isn't he?
Doing that in Boston would be a real challenge.
I'm not the one who wrote the song that Tom sang.
How bad are Tom's injuries?
We expect to be in Boston Monday afternoon.
I'm not the one who usually take out the garbage.
Tom and John are like my brothers.
This is one of the largest malls in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom about your accident.
Tom is upstairs reading, isn't he?
Neither of us will be in Boston next month.
I'm not the one who's going to have to do that.
Tom can't do it by himself.
Here's a list of everything we need to buy.
I'm not the one who's been teaching Tom French.
Tom and Mary will care of our dog.
Here's a list of French teachers in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom your phone number.
Tom is upstairs resting, isn't he?
This kind of thing only happens in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom who to give it to.
Tom isn't even from Boston.
This kind of thing would never happen in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom where to find you.
Tom asked Mary if she needed help.
The event took place in October in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to trust Mary.
Tom is used to the cold, isn't he?
Rents are even higher here than they are in Boston.
I'm not the one who warned Tom not to do that.
What Tom is doing is wrong.
I met you about three years ago in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom where Mary lived.
Tom certainly wasn't very helpful.
This is my favorite restaurant in Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to trust you.
What color car did Tom buy?
It's supposed to snow in Boston tomorrow.
I'm not the one who told Tom about your party.
Tom is used to the heat, isn't he?
It's supposed to rain in Boston tomorrow.
I'm not the one who wanted to get here early.
How detailed was Tom's plan?
We have one last chance to win the game.
I'm not the one who usually weeds the garden.
Tom didn't do that very carefully.
Three of those children are from Boston.
I'm not the one who usually does the driving.
Tom is very adventurous, isn't he?
Who's the most famous person in Boson?
I'm not the one who usually does the cooking.
Tom doesn't have all those things.
Three babies were born here last night.
I'm not the one who told Tom where you lived.
A truck driver picked Tom up.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant.
I'm not the one who told Tom to stay at home.
Tom is very charismatic, isn't he?
Our headquarters are located in Boston.
I'm not the one who went to Boston with Tom.
Tom has been doing that for hours.
I'm not the one who usually washes the car.
How exactly did Tom help you?
Have a good time when you're in Boston.
I'm not the one who usually milks the goat.
Tom is very hardworking, isn't he?
Three of my students are from Boston.
I'm not the one who told Tom what happened.
I have to ask Tom to do that.
That's always been a problem for us.
I'm not the one who turned off the lights.
Tom is going to appeal the ruling.
I still don't believe that happened.
I'm not the one who turned on the lights.
I just don't want Tom to die.
One of my sons is a police officer.
I'm not the one who took these pictures.
Tom is very imaginative, isn't he?
Does Boston have a high crime rate?
I'm not the one who told Tom what to do.
I like having Tom on my team.
We don't allow that sort of thing.
I'm not the one who wrote Tom's speech.
Tom is going to be all right soon.
I still don't believe it happened.
I'm not the one who wrote that letter.
I need to ask Tom to do that.
They surrendered without a fight.
I'm not the one who wanted to do that.
Tom is very independent, isn't he?
Our school has a similar program.
I'm not the one who took this picture.
I told Tom everything I know.
No rain is expected this weekend.
I'm not the one who took care of that.
Tom is going to be driving my car.
This is my favorite restaurant.
I'm not the one who'll be doing that.
I want to ask Tom to do that.
Our sales are up three percent.
I'm not the one who wrote this story.
Tom is very worried now, isn't he?
Boston isn't like other cities.
I'm not the one who wants to do that.
I'm going to let Tom do that.
We have too much junk already.
I'm not the one who washed the car.
Tom is going to be fine with that.
Schools will be closed Monday.
I'm not the one who wanted to wait.
In my opinion, Tom is a hero.
I'm begging you to reconsider.
I'm not the one who told Tom that.
Tom is waiting upstairs, isn't he?
I owe you a debt of gratitude.
I'm not the one who's in a hurry.
It was Tom who waxed the car.
Check back later for updates.
I'm not the one who woke Tom up.
Tom is going to be grumpy all day.
Is this change permanent?
I'm not the one who's sick.
What color car does Tom have?
Sami missed his stop.
Sami hasn't rid this bus for a while.
Sami likes Layla's stereo.
Sami likes Layla's house.
Sami has a bigger TV set.
Sami goes to college.
Sami doesn't want to go to college.
Sami didn't go to college.
Sami found everything he needed.
Sami took the files back to the office.
Sami is my mentor.
Sami works for Layla.
Sami lives around here.
Sami has got a big house across the street.
Sami lived there.
Sami is my cousin.
Sami is a crazy boy.
Sami is my favorite cousin.
Sami doesn't need a mentor.
Sami knows a lot about that.
Sami and Layla were talking about college.
Sami will call you later.
Sami promised to call me.
Sami got a D.
Sami is a very dear friend of mine.
Sami didn't give me his phone number.
Sami doesn't think this is a good idea.
Sami thinks I'm not good enough for his daughter.
Sami is going to stay with Layla.
Sami is feeling better now.
Sami really likes this girl.
Sami doesn't ride that bus.
Sami will never ride that bus again.
Sami likes Layla.
Sami goes to the mosque.
Sami's mom doesn't want him to see that girl again.
Sami is spoiling his daughter.
Sami and Layla were kissing.
Sami was watching.
Sami is watching.
Sami is looking at you.
Sami likes football.
Sami is dating a girl named Layla.
Sami is the finest boy in the sixth grade.
Sami and Farid are dating the same girl.
Sami has a big dog.
Sami is coming after practice.
Sami is not going.
Sami isn't going.
Sami is staying here.
Sami still needs to go.
Sami's parents support him.
Sami was already out.
Sami was planning something special for just him and Layla.
Mennad always watches TV.
Sami was listening.
Sami is here.
Sami wanted to go to the game.
Sami went to watch TV.
Sami wants to go out.
Layla cooks and cleans up for Sami.
Sami really appreciates that.
Sami is retired, too.
Sami was the dumbest man on earth to marry Layla.
Sami was watching the movie.
Sami saw the movie.
Sami missed a good game.
Sami was so small.
Sami is my problem.
Sami doesn't have any problem.
Sami didn't wash them.
Sami didn't wash his t-shirts.
Sami pays the bills.
Sami sent Layla to get some ice cream.
Sami wants to eat some ice cream.
Sami wants to eat ice cream.
Sami will be alone.
Sami has learned his lesson.
Sami will have to do this.
Sami can hear me.
Sami said he could hear me.
Sami missed the game.
Sami wrote a song.
Sami wrote the song.
Sami and Layla are married.
Sami lived in this house.
Sami lives in this apartment.
Sami lives in a small house.
Sami was singing.
Sami was a singer.
Sami will be here any minute.
Sami is counting the money.
Sami wrote a song a couple of months ago.
Sami remembers this.
Sami wrote the lyrics.
Sami received his check.
Sami set Layla's lyrics to music.
Sami is standing here.
Sami never read the play.
Sami reported the robbery.
Sami robbed a gas station.
Sami wrote six books.
Sami got malaria.
Sami is making jokes.
Sami bought a tape recorder.
Sami knew that.
I eat tomatoes.
Sami read the instructions.
I'm eating tomatoes.
Sami wants to buy a dog.
Sami told Layla.
Sami found the ad in a movie magazine.
Sami's lyrics were set to music.
Sami loved Layla's song.
Sami is a great poet.
Layla was a great poetress.
Sami wanted to set Layla's poem to music.
Sami loved Layla's poem.
Sami wants to talk to Farid man to man.
Sami liked Layla's cooking.
Sami wants to show you something.
Sami took a look at it.
Sami didn't want to be there.
Sami sold me this for sixty bucks.
Sami is going to buy a gun.
Sami wants to buy a gun.
Sami wants to use the money to buy a gun.
Sami needs a gun.
Sami needs a gun to defend his family.
Sami's gun cost him sixty dollars.
Sami is a chef.
Sami is doing this for Layla.
Sami was going to buy a gun.
Sami didn't vote.
Sami wants that gun.
Sami's song became a big hit in Egypt.
Sami sang another song.
Sami is not afraid of dogs.
Sami has a black cat.
Sami can't live like this.
Sami's phone was ringing.
Sami is expecting a call.
Sami Bakir is the family physician.
Sami is hiding somewhere in the neighborhood.
Aart was a burglar and he stole electric appliances.
Sami wanted to tell you something.
Sami quit.
Sami lost the key.
Sami forgot his password.
Sami lost the key to his drawer.
Aart called Sami "jigaboo."
Aart is an extremely racist person.
Sami wouldn't shoot Layla.
Sami missed.
Sami's gun wasn't here.
Layla is a smart lady.
Sami doesn't understand.
Sami is black.
Sami must be a liberal.
Sami lives in a ghetto.
Sami and all his brothers and sisters slept in one room together.
Sami fired a warning shot.
Sami wrote about that.
Sami didn't eat anything.
Sami doesn't have running water.
Sami lived through all that misery.
Sami didn't sing that song.
Sami wants to hear Layla's song.
Sami sang a song.
Sami sang the song.
Sami sang that song.
Sami sang the song for them.
Sami was listening to Layla's song.
Sami liked Layla's song.
Sami likes you.
Sami was stealing from his mother.
Sami did that, too.
Sami's mom is a very nice lady.
Sami bought a rifle.
Sami didn't have a gun.
Sami took his dog for a walk.
Sami's wife is a singer.
Sami is Layla's Arabic teacher.
Sami is a nice teacher.
Sami read the list.
Sami can eat this.
Sami found a dead rat in the driveway.
Sami answered the question wrong.
Sami did his math exercises.
Sami did the first two exercises.
Sami has sixty spelling words to memorize.
Sami thought that Layla had magic powers.
Sami is in Layla's power.
Sami wished Layla good luck.
Sami doesn't look so bad.
Sami hates school.
Sami's time is up.
Sami concentrated on the test.
Sami didn't talk.
Sami wasn't talking.
Sami is a serious student.
Sami hasn't found it yet.
Sami will see us.
Sami needs them now.
Sami will have to do that himself.
Sami is looking for Layla.
Sami must have heard wrong.
Sami thinks Layla is a vampire.
Sami is not an ordinary vampire.
Sami isn't an ordinary vampire.
Sami read the book.
Sami became a private detective.
Sami has a lot of homework to do.
Sami should read this book.
Sami is bored.
Sami isn't doing anything weird.
Sami is going to do his homework.
Sami is trapped.
Sami and Layla are trapped.
Sami is not safe.
Sami isn't safe.
Sami got off the stage.
Sami left the gym.
Sami was disorganized.
Sami makes puppets.
Sami is a coach.
Sami needs to learn to organize his time.
Sami learned good work habits.
Sami is capable of more than he thinks.
Sami has to concentrate on his work.
Sami shouldn't stand there.
Sami shouldn't do this.
Sami shouldn't be afraid.
Sami is next.
Sami is ready to compete.
Sami is in the sixth grade.
Sami can't spell this word.
Sami will win.
Sami is having a spelling test.
Sami studied very hard.
Sami doesn't do homework.
Sami studied extra hard.
Sami needed to concentrate.
Sami is a genius.
Sami spelt the word right.
Sami was studying.
Sami doesn't have to study.
Sami failed the test.
Sami didn't study for the test.
Sami and Layla are out winners.
Sami will represent our class in the spelling contest.
Sami doesn't know how to spell anything.
Sami didn't study.
Sami didn't really study.
Sami needs to work at it.
Sami thinks I can do it.
Sami has a list of sixty words to learn.
Sami will be happy to help any way he can.
Sami wanted to bribe the judge.
Sami has to study.
Sami wanted to play football.
Sami and Layla were talking about that.
Sami is entitled to do that.
Sami can't do anything now.
Sami studied for the test.
Sami isn't helping us at all.
Sami wanted a snack.
Sami is available.
Sami is not there.
Sami is nervous.
Sami will do just fine.
Sami lost.
Sami lives in the garage.
Sami feels fine.
Sami was back in bed.
Sami and Layla are our contestants.
Sami and Layla are ready.
Sami is using this dictionary.
Sami is our champion.
Sami spelt the word correctly.
Sami can't whistle.
Sami will win the contest.
Sami has an imaginary friend.
Sami was talking to his imaginary friend.
Sami was enjoying every moment of it.
Sami doesn't have a plan.
Sami did the shopping.
Sami and Layla disappeared.
Sami tried Layla's juice.
Sami made a delicious juice.
Sami's juice has a special secret ingredient.
Sami's juice was the best drink I ever drank.
Sami bought lots of things.
Sami was thirsty.
Sami had two more glasses of juice.
Sami and Layla went home.
Sami and Layla go home together.
Sami drank the juice.
Sami's juice is tasty.
Sami loves Layla's juice.
Sami packed up and left.
Sami will be back next week.
Sami spent a whole week without alcohol.
Sami can make the juice himself.
Sami has no idea how to use this.
Sami didn't even read the instructions.
Sami should be able to figure it out.
Sami wants me at the museum.
Sami will be back as soon as he can.
Sami should be able to work this thing.
Sami likes red apples.
Sami likes strawberries.
Sami bought a watermelon.
Sami likes watermelon juice.
Sami had some cabbage in the fridge.
Sami made some juice.
Sami ate raw fish.
Sami's juice was perfect.
Sami added strawberries to the juice.
Sami's juice it soo sweet.
Sami decided to try again.
Sami ate a piece of watermelon.
Sami didn't keep track.
Sami bought some radishes.
Sami's drink is spicy.
Sami put the eggplants in the fridge.
Sami's juice was just as good as Layla's.
Sami has been making orange juice.
Sami's juice is amazing.
Sami's juice was so delicious.
Sami's juice is fantastic.
Sami added a few new ingredients to the juice.
Sami gave Layla the recipe of his juice.
Sami visited the aviary.
Sami's book isn't selling so well.
Sami is a bird lover.
Sami wrote a book about birds.
Sami will see what he can do.
Sami owns a big chain of bookstores.
Sami needs your help.
Sami bought Layla's book.
Sami was still thinking about Layla.
Sami was selling lemonade.
Sami had another glass of lemonade.
Sami sells lemonade in the market.
Sami tried Layla's lemonade.
Sami brought back his friends.
Sami drank six glasses of lemonade.
"Lord, please help me understand women." "I'm afraid, even I can't do that."
Sami wanted that book.
Sami's bag didn't fit on that bicycle.
Sami should advertise.
Sami doesn't know Layla is here.
Sami needs to put the sign where a lot of people can see it.
Sami's pictures are boring.
Sami painted the wall.
Sami got closer to the billboard.
Sami painted the picture on the billboard.
Sami painted the picture too small.
Sami painted only part of the picture.
Sami started painting from the center.
Sami noticed something.
Sami noticed something weird.
Sami noticed something strange.
Sami noticed something unusual.
Sami got the message.
Sami's plan won't work.
Sami wanted to make it easier.
Sami wanted to make things easier.
Sami was sure he would get it right.
Sami should come down here.
Sami is looking at the picture.
Sami is up there.
Sami needed to keep track of things.
Sami is numbering the pictures.
Sami numbered the boxes.
Sami was painting the billboard.
Sami pulled over.
Sami asked Layla to pull over.
Sami will never forget this.
Sami's book is very important.
Sami was staring at the billboard.
Sami was reading from the billboard.
Sami is the author.
Sami's book is selling like hot cakes.
Sami donated all the money to an orphanage.
Sami wants to try Layla's lemonade.
Sami is gonna be back from Cairo any minute.
Sami is going to be back from Cairo any minute.
Sami spent an entire week in Cairo.
Sami is a jerk.
Sami lost his passport.
Sami and Layla read the book together.
Sami has got a surprise for Layla.
Sami bought this from Cairo.
Sami was wearing white socks.
Sami bought me a watch.
Layla was a hostess.
Sami is not worried.
Sami isn't worried.
Layla sounds like her mother.
Sami isn't going to marry Layla.
Sami is not going to marry Layla.
Sami read this in Reader's Digest.
Sami doesn't do anything.
Sami said that I did that.
Sami never lies.
Sami paid the electricity bill.
Sami's room is very dark.
Sami sat down here.
Sami is wearing a suit.
Sami took over the finances.
Sami has always taken care of the finances.
Sami could see Layla's makeup glowing in the dark.
Sami put the candle out.
Sami is thinking of getting a bigger place.
Sami can just call me "Mom."
Sami was Layla's stepfather.
Sami wore a leather jacket.
Sami got excited.
Sami has six brothers and sisters.
Sami has six brothers.
Sami has six sisters.
Sami got six hundred bucks.
Sami couldn't do that.
Sami doesn't need to hire anybody.
Sami and Layla looked at each other.
Sami is a pretty scary guy.
Sami's house needs a woman's touch.
Sami lived in Layla's house.
Sami and Layla discussed their relationship.
Sami tried to stop Layla.
Sami finds Layla attractive.
What do you want with Sami?
Sami has got a gun.
Sami remembered Layla.
Sami is with Layla.
Sami is a bad boy.
Sami stole sixty thousand dollars.
Mary stopped.
Sami is my father.
Sami is an orphan.
Sami promised to pay me back.
Sami is gonna have nothing.
Sami is going to have nothing.
Sami found Laylas note in the cash register.
Sami won't get away with it.
Sami will not get away with it.
Sami stole sixty dollars from Layla.
Sami's mom knew.
Sami's mother knew.
Sami is just an old fool.
Sami scared the kids away.
Sami scared the children away.
Sami did that in a very nice and polite way.
Sami kicked Layla out in a very nice and polite way.
Sami was going to take Layla's money.
Sami was after Layla's money.
Sami isn't listening.
Sami is not listening.
Sami doesn't need a gun.
Sami could kill for that.
Sami has six daughters.
Sami loves his daughters.
Sami should be more specific.
Layla is a neglected housewife.
Sami works and studies.
Sami was joking.
Sami is an ambitious man.
Sami is a very dedicated husband.
Sami is such a nice man, too.
Sami became a monster.
Sami's father beat his mother every day.
Sami wants a puppy.
"There, when at Cumae landing from the main, / Avernus' lakes and sounding woods ye gain, / thyself shalt see, within her rock-hewn shrine, / the frenzied prophetess, whose mystic strain / expounds the Fates, to leaves of trees consign / the notes and names that mark the oracles divine."
The pizza is cold.
Mostly I reach my grandmother by phone.
Can you spot me ten euros?
She reached the other side in minutes.
"Whate'er the maiden on those leaves doth trace, / in rows she sorts, and in the cave doth store."
We've been together for almost five years now.
"There rest they, nor their sequence change, nor place, / save when, by chance, on grating hinge the door / swings open, and a light breath sweeps the floor, / or rougher blasts the tender leaves disperse. / Loose then they flutter, for she recks no more / to call them back, and rearrange the verse; / untaught the votaries leave, the Sibyl's cave to curse."
Mary likes boys with feminine shaped faces.
Boston is much closer to here than Chicago.
Boston is much closer to here than Chicago is.
I was lucky everything turned out OK.
I was lucky that everything turned out OK.
I'm not the one who told Tom he should study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom that he should study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom he should read that book.
I'm not the one who told Tom that he should read that book.
I'm not the one who told Tom he needed to study French.
I'm not the one who told Tom that he needed to study French.
I'm not the one who suggested we raise prices.
I'm not the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I forgot to tell Tom I wanted to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom that I wanted to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom I couldn't speak French.
I forgot to tell Tom that I couldn't speak French.
I forgot to tell Tom you were a drummer.
I forgot to tell Tom that you were a drummer.
I forgot to tell Tom I intended to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom that I intended to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom I was going to Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom that I was going to Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom I needed to find another job.
I forgot to tell Tom that I needed to find another job.
I forgot to tell Tom I'd be in Boston this week.
I forgot to tell Tom that I'd be in Boston this week.
I forgot to tell Tom I didn't know how to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't have enough money to buy the car I wanted, so I bought a different car.
I didn't have enough money to buy the car that I wanted, so I bought a different car.
I didn't watch TV very much when I was a kid.
I didn't watch TV very much when I was a child.
I didn't want Tom to know that I was rich.
I didn't want to wait for Tom, but Mary said we should wait.
I didn't want to wait for Tom, but Mary said that we should wait.
Tom didn't drink the tea I poured for him.
Tom didn't drink the tea that I poured for him.
I didn't want anyone to know where I was.
I didn't want anybody to know where I was.
I didn't want anybody to know that I was rich.
I didn't want anyone to know I was rich.
I didn't want anyone to know that I was rich.
I didn't want anybody to know I was rich.
I didn't want anyone to know about this.
I didn't want anybody to know about this.
I didn't want anyone to feel sorry for me.
I didn't want anybody to feel sorry for me.
At that time, I didn't yet know everyone's name.
At that time, I didn't yet know everybody's name.
I didn't think we'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think that we'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think we' be welcome here.
I didn't think that we' be welcome here.
I didn't think we were ready.
I didn't think that we were ready.
I didn't think we were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think that we were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think we were going to need Tom's help.
I didn't think that we were going to need Tom's help.
I didn't think we were going to make it on time.
I didn't think that we were going to make it on time.
I didn't think we were going to be able to do that.
I didn't think that we were going to be able to do that.
I didn't think we were ever going to find out who did that.
I didn't think that we were ever going to find out who did that.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that.
I didn't think that Tom was going to do that.
I think you shouldn't have said that.
I think that you shouldn't have said that.
I think you shouldn't have quit your job.
I think that you shouldn't have quit your job.
I think you shouldn't have married Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have married Tom.
I think you shouldn't have left Tom alone.
I think that you shouldn't have left Tom alone.
I think you shouldn't have gotten married.
I think that you shouldn't have gotten married.
I think you shouldn't have followed Tom's advice.
I think that you shouldn't have followed Tom's advice.
I think you shouldn't have eaten that.
I think that you shouldn't have eaten that.
I think you shouldn't have eaten so much junk food.
I think that you shouldn't have eaten so much junk food.
I think you shouldn't have drunk that water.
I think that you shouldn't have drunk that water.
I think that you shouldn't have done that.
I think you shouldn't have done that with Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have done that with Tom.
I think you shouldn't have done that today.
I think that you shouldn't have done that today.
I think you shouldn't have done that here.
I think that you shouldn't have done that here.
I think you shouldn't have done that by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't have done that by yourself.
I think you shouldn't have called Tom.
I think that you shouldn't have called Tom.
I think you shouldn't have bought that.
I think that you shouldn't have bought that.
I think you shouldn't have bought that car.
I think that you shouldn't have bought that car.
I think you shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
I think that you shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
I think you shouldn't have agreed to do that.
I think that you shouldn't have agreed to do that.
I think you shouldn't gone to Boston.
I think that you shouldn't gone to Boston.
I think you shouldn't gone there.
I think that you shouldn't gone there.
I think you shouldn't gone there with Tom.
I think that you shouldn't gone there with Tom.
I think you shouldn't gone there by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't gone there by yourself.
I think you shouldn't gone there by car.
I think that you shouldn't gone there by car.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that here.
I think you shouldn't be doing that by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't be doing that by yourself.
I didn't think your plan would work.
I didn't think your approach would work.
I didn't think you'd win.
I didn't think that you'd win.
I didn't think you'd understand what I said.
I didn't think that you'd understand what I said.
I didn't think you'd understand it.
I didn't think that you'd understand it.
I didn't think you'd make it.
I didn't think that you'd make it.
I didn't think you'd like this.
I didn't think that you'd like this.
I didn't think you'd like this movie.
I didn't think that you'd like this movie.
I didn't think you'd like that.
I didn't think that you'd like that.
I didn't think you'd like it.
I didn't think that you'd like it.
I didn't think you'd have to wait for more than three hours.
I didn't think that you'd have to wait for more than three hours.
I didn't think you'd have the time to do that today.
I didn't think that you'd have the time to do that today.
I didn't think you'd have the same problems I had.
I didn't think that you'd have the same problems I had.
I didn't think you'd have that problem.
I didn't think that you'd have that problem.
I didn't think you'd have much fun doing that.
I didn't think that you'd have much fun doing that.
I didn't think you'd get it.
I didn't think that you'd get it.
I didn't think you'd ever met Tom.
I didn't think that you'd ever met Tom.
I didn't think you'd ever be able to do that.
I didn't think that you'd ever be able to do that.
I didn't think you'd enjoy it.
I didn't think that you'd enjoy it.
I didn't think you'd be permitted to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be permitted to do that.
I didn't think you'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to win.
I didn't think that you'd be able to win.
I didn't think you'd be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I didn't think you were wrong.
I didn't think that you were wrong.
I didn't think you were trying hard enough.
I didn't think that you were trying hard enough.
I didn't think you were the right person for the job.
I didn't think that you were the right person for the job.
I didn't think you were the kind of person who would do that.
I didn't think that you were the kind of person who would do that.
I didn't think you were the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't think that you were the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't think you were telling the truth.
I didn't think that you were telling the truth.
I didn't think you were supposed to be here.
I didn't think that you were supposed to be here.
I didn't think you were smart enough to get into Harvard.
I didn't think that you were smart enough to get into Harvard.
I didn't think you were ready.
I didn't think that you were ready.
I didn't think you were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think that you were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think you were lying.
I didn't think that you were lying.
I didn't think you were listening to me.
I didn't think that you were listening to me.
I didn't think you were going to have the chance to meet Tom.
I didn't think that you were going to have the chance to meet Tom.
I didn't think you were funny.
I didn't think that you were funny.
I didn't think you were allowed to do that.
I didn't think that you were allowed to do that.
I didn't think you were allowed to do that here.
I didn't think that you were allowed to do that here.
I didn't think you wanted that.
I didn't think that you wanted that.
I didn't think you two should get married.
I didn't think that you two should get married.
I didn't think you tried hard enough.
I didn't think that you tried hard enough.
I didn't think you really wanted to know.
I didn't think that you really wanted to know.
I didn't think that you really wanted to do that.
I didn't think you really understood.
I didn't think that you really understood.
I didn't think that you really needed to do that.
I didn't think that you really had to do that.
I didn't think you really believed that.
I didn't think that you really believed that.
I didn't think you realized what you were doing.
I didn't think that you realized what you were doing.
I didn't think that you needed to do that.
I didn't think you meant that.
I didn't think that you meant that.
I didn't think you heard me.
I didn't think that you heard me.
I didn't think you heard me the first time.
I didn't think that you heard me the first time.
I didn't think that you had to do that.
I didn't think you had to do that today.
I didn't think that you had to do that today.
I didn't think you had the guts.
I didn't think that you had the guts.
I didn't think you had any other choice.
I didn't think that you had any other choice.
I didn't think you had all the facts.
I didn't think that you had all the facts.
I didn't think you had a choice.
I didn't think that you had a choice.
I didn't think you could win.
I didn't think that you could win.
I didn't think you could stop Tom from doing that.
I didn't think that you could stop Tom from doing that.
I didn't think you could sell that.
I didn't think that you could sell that.
I didn't think you could persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think that you could persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I didn't think that you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I didn't think you could eat all that.
I didn't think that you could eat all that.
I didn't think you could do that without my help.
I didn't think that you could do that without my help.
I didn't think that you could do that by yourself.
I didn't think you could convince Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't think that you could convince Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't think you could change it.
I didn't think that you could change it.
I didn't think you could beat me.
I didn't think that you could beat me.
I didn't think you and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that you and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think you and I could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that you and I could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think we could count on Tom.
I didn't think that we could count on Tom.
I didn't think Tom would like it.
I didn't think that Tom would like it.
Do you think what we did helped?
Do you think that what we did helped?
I didn't think what we did was illegal.
I didn't think that what we did was illegal.
I didn't think what Tom said was true.
I didn't think what Tom said was accurate.
I didn't think that what Tom said was accurate.
I didn't think what Tom said made any sense.
I didn't think that what Tom said made any sense.
I didn't think what Tom did was wrong.
I didn't think that what Tom did was wrong.
I didn't think what I did was wrong.
I didn't think that what I did was wrong.
I didn't think that Tom would tell anyone.
I didn't think Tom would tell anybody.
I didn't think Tom would tell anyone.
I didn't think that Tom would tell anybody.
I didn't think Tom would like the soup that I made.
I didn't think that Tom would like the soup I made.
I didn't think Tom would like the soup I made.
I didn't think that Tom would like the soup that I made.
I didn't want to get anyone in trouble.
I didn't want to get anybody in trouble.
I think you shouldn't have gone there by yourself.
I think that you shouldn't have gone there by yourself.
Tom is wasting his time, isn't he?
I didn't yet have everything I needed, so I went into the store to buy a few other things.
Don't give Tom all the credit.
I didn't want to walk here, but my car wouldn't start this morning and I had no choice.
Tom is going to be home on Monday.
I didn't want to turn myself in, but my lawyer told me it would be better if I did.
How exactly did Tom help Mary?
I didn't want to become a doctor, but my parents wanted me to become a doctor.
Tom is wearing a jacket, isn't he?
I didn't want to wear out my welcome, so I only stayed for a few minutes.
I did all I could to help Tom.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly when I was supposed to be there.
Tom is going to be our next coach.
I was under the impression that what we did didn't make any difference.
I think Tom enjoys doing that.
I didn't walk to school very often when I was in junior high school.
Tom is with his friends, isn't he?
At that time, I didn't yet know whether I needed to do that or not.
I'm assuming Tom doesn't care.
I didn't want to walk to school yesterday because it was raining.
Tom is going to be the instructor.
I didn't want to be late for school, so I ran as fast as I could.
I'm assuming Tom will do that.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether I had to do that or not.
Tom is with his parents, isn't he?
I didn't want to work outside, but I didn't have any choice.
I'm not sure Tom will do that.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we were supposed to do.
Tom is going to do it his own way.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly what I needed to do.
I've never even spoken to Tom.
I didn't want to throw that away, but my mother told me to.
Tom is working overtime, isn't he?
At that time, I didn't yet know whether I could go or not.
Monday was a busy day for Tom.
At that time, I didn't yet know where I was going to live.
Tom refused to discuss the matter.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I was supposed to do.
Did Tom's success surprise you?
At that time, I didn't yet know what we were going to do.
Tom is worried about me, isn't he?
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly what I should do.
Tom refused to speak to the media.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly what I had to do.
How did Tom get away with that?
At that time, I didn't yet know what I was going to do.
Tom is wrong about that, isn't he?
I didn't want to tell my parents about what happened.
How did Tom get into this mess?
I didn't want to sell my car, but I needed the money.
I didn't know that you'd come, too.
I didn't know that you'd be here, too.
I didn't know that you were going to Boston.
I didn't know you were going to Boston.
I didn't know you'd come, too.
I didn't know you'd be here, too.
Tom said he heard a noise outside.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we needed to do.
I wanted to ask Tom to do that.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I needed to do.
Tom is younger than you, isn't he?
I didn't work as many hours today as I usually do.
I'm assuming Tom won't do that.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we should do.
Tom said there's a big difference.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we had to do.
I'm not going to throw Tom out.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I'd be doing.
Tom is a baseball player, isn't he?
At that time, I didn't yet know what I should do.
Is it true Tom used to be rich?
At that time, I didn't yet know what I had to do.
Tom said we must keep this secret.
I didn't want there to be any misunderstanding.
Did you do anything to help Tom?
I didn't want to do that, but I did it anyway.
Tom is a bit disoriented, isn't he?
I didn't know why we were supposed to do that.
I need to remind Tom to do that.
I didn't want to burden you with my troubles.
Tom seemed to want me to help him.
I didn't want to burden you with my problems.
I wanted nothing to do with Tom.
I didn't want the same thing to happen to us.
Tom is a bit of a coward, isn't he?
At that time, I didn't yet know what we'd do.
I'm going to get Tom to do that.
I didn't want to cause you any more trouble.
Tom still denies that he did that.
I didn't want to be late for my first class.
Tom and Mary are still fighting.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I'd do.
Tom is a college dropout, isn't he?
I didn't yet know the truth at that time.
Tom could be anywhere in Boston.
I didn't want to do something I'd regret.
Tom taught Mary to play the piano.
I didn't want to talk about the weather.
Tom said he got bored in Boston.
I didn't want to cause you any problems.
Tom is a college student, isn't he?
I didn't feel like doing anything yesterday.
Allow me to introduce you to Tom.
I didn't want you to change your plans.
Tom teaches French to his friends.
I didn't want to cause you any trouble.
I didn't like anyone there and no one there liked me.
I didn't like anybody who was there and nobody who was there liked me.
I didn't like anybody there and nobody there liked me.
I didn't like anyone who was there and no one who was there liked me.
I didn't think that we had enough food to feed everyone.
I didn't think we had enough food to feed everybody.
I didn't think we had enough food to feed everyone.
I didn't think that we had enough food to feed everybody.
Even I can't do that.
I don't think I could do that even if Tom helped me.
I don't think that I could do that even if Tom helped me.
I thought that you said you were bad at French.
She sprayed pesticide on the flowers.
Helen made herself agreeable to everyone at the party.
I didn't think Tom would try to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would try doing that by himself.
I didn't know Tom was married at that time.
I didn't think I'd have to do that by myself.
I didn't think that I'd have to do that by myself.
I didn't think I'd have to do that.
I didn't think that I'd have to do that.
I didn't think Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think Tom wanted to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't think Tom wanted to talk about Mary.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to talk about Mary.
I didn't think Tom wanted to talk to me.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to talk to me.
I didn't think Tom was amused by what was going on.
I didn't think that Tom was amused by what was going on.
I didn't think Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I didn't think that Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I didn't think that Tom was being careful enough.
I didn't think Tom was being sarcastic.
I didn't think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I didn't think Tom was being sincere.
I didn't think that Tom was being sincere.
I didn't think Tom was being truthful.
I didn't think that Tom was being truthful.
I didn't think Tom was being unfair.
I didn't think that Tom was being unfair.
I didn't think Tom was correct.
I didn't think that Tom was correct.
I didn't think Tom was done.
I didn't think that Tom was done.
I didn't think Tom was downstairs.
I didn't think that Tom was downstairs.
I didn't think Tom was fair.
I didn't think that Tom was fair.
I didn't think Tom was helpful.
I didn't think that Tom was helpful.
I didn't think Tom was honest.
I didn't think that Tom was honest.
I didn't think Tom was hurt.
I didn't think that Tom was hurt.
I didn't think Tom was intimidated.
I didn't think that Tom was intimidated.
I didn't think Tom was joking.
I didn't think that Tom was joking.
I didn't think Tom was kidding about that.
I didn't think that Tom was kidding about that.
I didn't think Tom was kidding.
I didn't think that Tom was kidding.
I didn't think Tom was listening very carefully.
I didn't think that Tom was listening very carefully.
I didn't think Tom was lying.
I didn't think that Tom was lying.
I didn't think Tom was mistaken.
I didn't think that Tom was mistaken.
I didn't think Tom was prepared.
I didn't think that Tom was prepared.
I didn't think Tom was reasonable.
I didn't think that Tom was reasonable.
I didn't think Tom was respectful enough.
I didn't think that Tom was respectful enough.
I didn't think Tom was satisfied.
I didn't think that Tom was satisfied.
I didn't think Tom was serious.
I didn't think that Tom was serious.
I didn't think Tom was shocked.
I didn't think that Tom was shocked.
I didn't think Tom was sincere.
I didn't think that Tom was sincere.
I didn't think Tom was supportive enough.
I didn't think that Tom was supportive enough.
I didn't think Tom was sympathetic.
I didn't think that Tom was sympathetic.
I didn't think Tom was talking about me.
I didn't think that Tom was talking about me.
I didn't think Tom was telling the truth.
I didn't think that Tom was telling the truth.
I didn't think Tom was thirsty.
I didn't think that Tom was thirsty.
I didn't think Tom was truthful.
I didn't think that Tom was truthful.
I didn't think Tom was very happy.
I didn't think that Tom was very happy.
I didn't think Tom was wrong.
I didn't think that Tom was wrong.
I didn't think Tom would agree to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would agree to do that.
I didn't think Tom would agree with you.
I didn't think that Tom would agree with you.
I didn't think Tom would agree.
I didn't think that Tom would agree.
I didn't think Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would allow you to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would approve.
I didn't think that Tom would approve.
I didn't think Tom would be able to help us.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to help us.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be amused by what was going on.
I didn't think that Tom would be amused by what was going on.
I didn't think Tom would be angry.
I didn't think that Tom would be angry.
I didn't think Tom would be annoyed.
I didn't think that Tom would be annoyed.
I didn't think Tom would be bored.
I didn't think that Tom would be bored.
I didn't think Tom would be concerned about that.
I didn't think that Tom would be concerned about that.
I didn't think Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be here.
I didn't think Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I didn't think that Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I didn't think Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I didn't think Tom would be upset if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would be welcomed.
I didn't think that Tom would be welcomed.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to help us.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to help us.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be worried about something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be worried about something like that.
I didn't think Tom would care if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would care if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would care if Mary did that.
I didn't think that Tom would care if Mary did that.
I didn't think Tom would care if you did that.
I didn't think that Tom would care if you did that.
I didn't think Tom would deny it.
I didn't think that Tom would deny it.
I didn't think Tom would do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would do that on purpose.
I didn't think that Tom would do that on purpose.
I didn't think Tom would do this kind of thing.
I didn't think that Tom would do this kind of thing.
I didn't think Tom would do this.
I didn't think that Tom would do this.
I didn't think Tom would do what you said he did.
I didn't think that Tom would do what you said he did.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy this movie.
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy this movie.
I didn't think Tom would ever be able to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would ever consider doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever consider doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would ever do that again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever do that again.
I didn't think Tom would ever forget you.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forget you.
I didn't think Tom would ever leave his wife.
I didn't think that Tom would ever leave his wife.
I didn't think Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I didn't think that Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I didn't think Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I didn't think Tom would ever really do that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever really do that.
I didn't think Tom would have fun doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I didn't think Tom would have the courage to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would have the courage to do that.
I didn't think Tom would help Mary do that.
I didn't think that Tom would help Mary do that.
I didn't think Tom would help me do that.
I didn't think that Tom would help me do that.
I didn't think Tom would help me with my homework.
I didn't think that Tom would help me with my homework.
I didn't think Tom would help us do that.
I didn't think that Tom would help us do that.
I didn't think Tom would hire a private detective.
I didn't think that Tom would hire a private detective.
I didn't think Tom would leave his wife.
I didn't think that Tom would leave his wife.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary win.
I didn't think that Tom would let Mary win.
I didn't think Tom would let me borrow his car.
I didn't think that Tom would let me borrow his car.
I didn't think Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I didn't think that Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I didn't think Tom would let me help him.
I didn't think that Tom would let me help him.
I didn't think Tom would let me kiss him.
I didn't think that Tom would let me kiss him.
I didn't think Tom would let me ride his horse.
I didn't think that Tom would let me ride his horse.
I didn't think Tom would let me win.
I didn't think that Tom would let me win.
I didn't think that Tom would let you do that.
I didn't think Tom would let you drive his car.
I didn't think that Tom would let you drive his car.
I didn't think Tom would let you win.
I didn't think that Tom would let you win.
I didn't think Tom would lie to you.
I didn't think that Tom would lie to you.
I didn't think Tom would lie.
I didn't think that Tom would lie.
I didn't think Tom would like Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would like Boston.
I didn't think Tom would like it if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I didn't think Tom would like it if we did that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it if we did that.
I didn't think Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I didn't think that Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I didn't think Tom would like living here.
I didn't think that Tom would like living here.
I didn't think Tom would like that.
I didn't think that Tom would like that.
I didn't think Tom would likely do that.
I didn't think that Tom would likely do that.
I didn't think Tom would make a very good boss.
I didn't think that Tom would make a very good boss.
I didn't think Tom would make a very good husband.
I didn't think that Tom would make a very good husband.
I didn't think Tom would mind buying that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would mind buying that for you.
I didn't think Tom would mind doing that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would mind doing that for you.
I didn't think Tom would mind doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind doing that.
I didn't think Tom would mind helping you.
I didn't think that Tom would mind helping you.
I didn't think Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I didn't think that Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I didn't think Tom would mind if we did that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind if we did that.
I didn't think Tom would mind if you did that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind if you did that.
I didn't think Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I didn't think that Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I didn't think Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would mind.
I didn't think that Tom would mind.
I didn't think Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would permit me to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would permit me to do that.
I didn't think Tom would permit you to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would permit you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would really want that.
I didn't think that Tom would really want that.
I didn't think Tom would really want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would really want to do that.
I didn't think Tom would say that to Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would say that to Mary.
I didn't think Tom would say that.
I didn't think that Tom would say that.
I didn't think Tom would still be angry.
I didn't think that Tom would still be angry.
I didn't think Tom would still be awake.
I didn't think that Tom would still be awake.
I didn't think Tom would still be downstairs.
I didn't think that Tom would still be downstairs.
I didn't think Tom would still be jealous.
I didn't think that Tom would still be jealous.
I didn't think Tom would still be mad.
I didn't think that Tom would still be mad.
I didn't think Tom would still be nervous.
I didn't think that Tom would still be nervous.
I didn't think Tom would still be willing to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would still be willing to do that.
I didn't think Tom would swim by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would swim by himself.
I didn't think Tom would try to do that without our help.
I didn't think that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I didn't think Tom would understand.
I didn't think that Tom would understand.
I didn't think Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I didn't think Tom would want to sing.
I didn't think that Tom would want to sing.
I didn't think Tom wrote anything.
I didn't think that Tom wrote anything.
I didn't think Tom's French pronunciation was very good.
I didn't think that Tom's French pronunciation was very good.
I didn't think Tom's jokes were particularly funny.
I didn't think that Tom's jokes were particularly funny.
I didn't think Tom's plan was feasible.
I didn't think that Tom's plan was feasible.
I didn't think Tom's speech was boring.
I didn't think that Tom's speech was boring.
I didn't think we could afford to buy a house.
I didn't think that we could afford to buy a house.
I didn't think we could do anything about that.
I didn't think that we could do anything about that.
I didn't think we could do anything for Tom.
I didn't think that we could do anything for Tom.
I didn't think we could do it that soon.
I didn't think that we could do it that soon.
I didn't think we could do that by 2:30.
I didn't think that we could do that by 2:30.
I didn't think we could do that by Monday.
I didn't think that we could do that by Monday.
I didn't think we could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that we could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think we could get home by 2:30.
I didn't think that we could get home by 2:30.
I didn't think we could get home by Monday.
I didn't think that we could get home by Monday.
I didn't think we could guarantee your safety.
I didn't think that we could guarantee your safety.
I didn't think we could make an exception.
I didn't think that we could make an exception.
I didn't think we could pull that off.
I didn't think that we could pull that off.
I didn't think we could risk that.
I didn't think that we could risk that.
I didn't think we could take care of ourselves.
I didn't think that we could take care of ourselves.
I didn't think we could take that risk.
I didn't think that we could take that risk.
I didn't think we could wait any longer.
I didn't think that we could wait any longer.
I didn't think we could win.
I didn't think that we could win.
I didn't think we did anything wrong.
I didn't think that we did anything wrong.
I didn't think we did that right.
I didn't think that we did that right.
I didn't think we had a choice.
I didn't think that we had a choice.
I didn't think we had any chance of winning.
I didn't think that we had any chance of winning.
I didn't think we had any choice.
I didn't think that we had any choice.
I didn't think we had enough food.
I didn't think that we had enough food.
I didn't think we had enough money.
I didn't think that we had enough money.
I didn't think we had enough time to do that.
I didn't think that we had enough time to do that.
I didn't think we had enough time.
I didn't think that we had enough time.
I didn't think we had much time.
I didn't think that we had much time.
I didn't think we had that kind of time.
I didn't think that we had that kind of time.
I didn't think we had the time for that.
I didn't think that we had the time for that.
I didn't think we had to do anything else.
I didn't think that we had to do anything else.
I didn't think we had to do that.
I didn't think that we had to do that.
I didn't think we had to do this.
I didn't think that we had to do this.
I didn't think we had to go any further.
I didn't think that we had to go any further.
I didn't think we had to stay here any longer.
I didn't think that we had to stay here any longer.
I didn't think we had to wait for Tom.
I didn't think that we had to wait for Tom.
I didn't think we needed permission to do this.
I didn't think that we needed permission to do this.
I didn't think we needed that.
I didn't think that we needed that.
I didn't think we needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that we needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think we needed to do that.
I didn't think that we needed to do that.
I didn't think we needed to wait for Tom.
I didn't think that we needed to wait for Tom.
I didn't think we needed to worry.
I didn't think that we needed to worry.
I didn't think we ought to be doing that.
I didn't think that we ought to be doing that.
I didn't think we ought to do that.
I didn't think that we ought to do that.
I didn't think we really had to do that.
I didn't think that we really had to do that.
I didn't think we really needed to attend that meeting.
I didn't think that we really needed to attend that meeting.
I didn't think we really needed to do that.
I didn't think that we really needed to do that.
I didn't think we should agree to do that.
I didn't think that we should agree to do that.
I didn't think we should ask Tom to do that.
I didn't think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I didn't think we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I didn't think that we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I didn't think that we should be doing that.
I didn't think we should be talking about that.
I didn't think that we should be talking about that.
I didn't think we should be talking to each other.
I didn't think that we should be talking to each other.
I didn't think we should buy this.
I didn't think that we should buy this.
I didn't think we should compromise.
I didn't think that we should compromise.
I didn't think we should do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't think that we should do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't think we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I didn't think that we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I didn't think we should do that.
I didn't think that we should do that.
I didn't think we should even consider buying a new car at that time.
I didn't think that we should even consider buying a new car at that time.
I didn't think we should get involved.
I didn't think that we should get involved.
I didn't think we should go outside in the storm.
I didn't think that we should go outside in the storm.
I didn't think we should go to Tom's party.
I didn't think that we should go to Tom's party.
I didn't think we should hang around.
I didn't think that we should hang around.
I didn't think we should leave so early.
I didn't think that we should leave so early.
I didn't think we should leave the door unlocked.
I didn't think that we should leave the door unlocked.
I didn't think we should leave Tom there by himself.
I didn't think that we should leave Tom there by himself.
I didn't think we should open the window.
I didn't think that we should open the window.
I didn't think we should pay that much.
I didn't think that we should pay that much.
I didn't think we should shut the window.
I didn't think that we should shut the window.
I didn't think we should stay at that hotel.
I didn't think that we should stay at that hotel.
I didn't think we should stay.
I didn't think that we should stay.
I didn't think we should tell Tom about that.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom about that.
I didn't think we should tell Tom about what happened.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom about what happened.
I didn't think we should tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't think we would need this.
I didn't think that we would need this.
I didn't think we'd have to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that we'd have to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think Tom would want your old bicycle.
I didn't think that Tom would want your old bicycle.
I didn't think Tom would want to go to the zoo with us.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go to the zoo with us.
I didn't think Tom would want to go drinking with us.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go drinking with us.
I didn't think Tom would wait very long.
I didn't think that Tom would wait very long.
I didn't think Tom would understand that.
I didn't think that Tom would understand that.
I didn't think Tom would swim.
I didn't think that Tom would swim.
I didn't think Tom would swim yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would swim yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would stay so long.
I didn't think that Tom would stay so long.
I didn't think Tom would sing.
I didn't think that Tom would sing.
I didn't think Tom would say yes.
I didn't think that Tom would say yes.
I didn't think Tom would resign.
I didn't think that Tom would resign.
I didn't think Tom would really win.
I didn't think that Tom would really win.
I didn't think Tom would pass last week's history test.
I didn't think that Tom would pass last week's history test.
I didn't think Tom would notice.
I didn't think that Tom would notice.
I didn't think Tom would lose.
I didn't think that Tom would lose.
I didn't think Tom would listen to you.
I didn't think that Tom would listen to you.
I didn't think Tom would like you.
I didn't think that Tom would like you.
I didn't think Tom would like this.
I didn't think that Tom would like this.
I didn't think Tom would like this place.
I didn't think that Tom would like this place.
I didn't think Tom would like me.
I didn't think that Tom would like me.
I didn't think Tom would know how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would know how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would kiss Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would kiss Mary.
I didn't think Tom would hurt Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would hurt Mary.
I didn't think Tom would hear us.
I didn't think that Tom would hear us.
I didn't think Tom would have the time to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would have the time to do that.
I didn't think Tom would have that problem.
I didn't think that Tom would have that problem.
I didn't think Tom would give you the keys.
I didn't think that Tom would give you the keys.
I didn't think Tom would give it back.
I didn't think that Tom would give it back.
I didn't think Tom would get the job.
I didn't think that Tom would get the job.
I didn't think Tom would forget that.
I didn't think that Tom would forget that.
I didn't think Tom would ever stop doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever stop doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever speak to me again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever speak to me again.
I didn't think Tom would ever get married.
I didn't think that Tom would ever get married.
I didn't think Tom would ever forgive me.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forgive me.
I didn't think Tom would ever forgive me for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forgive me for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever forget that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forget that.
I didn't think Tom would ever come back to Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would ever come back to Boston.
I didn't think Tom would ever come back here again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever come back here again.
I didn't think Tom would ever be able to walk again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever be able to walk again.
I didn't think Tom would ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I didn't think that Tom would ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy that movie.
I didn't think Tom would do that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for you.
I didn't think Tom would do that for us.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for us.
I didn't think Tom would do that for me.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for me.
I didn't think Tom would do that for Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for Mary.
I didn't think Tom would do that either.
I didn't think that Tom would do that either.
I didn't think Tom would come in this morning.
I didn't think that Tom would come in this morning.
I didn't think Tom would come back.
I didn't think that Tom would come back.
I didn't think Tom would change.
I didn't think that Tom would change.
I didn't think Tom would care whether I did that or not.
I didn't think that Tom would care whether I did that or not.
I didn't think Tom would buy that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would buy that for you.
I didn't think Tom would believe us.
I didn't think that Tom would believe us.
I didn't think Tom would believe Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would believe Mary.
I didn't think Tom would be upset.
I didn't think that Tom would be upset.
I didn't think Tom would be truthful.
I didn't think that Tom would be truthful.
I didn't think Tom would be there.
I didn't think that Tom would be there.
I didn't think that Tom would be the last one to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be so successful.
I didn't think that Tom would be so stubborn.
I didn't think that Tom would be so strict.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to do that until next year.
I didn't think that Tom would be ready to do that until next year.
I didn't think Tom would be punished.
I didn't think that Tom would be punished.
I didn't think that Tom would be so picky.
I didn't think Tom would be permitted to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be permitted to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office yesterday morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be in his office yesterday morning.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office last Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would be in his office last Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would be so impatient.
I didn't think that Tom would be so hungry.
I didn't think Tom would be home yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be home yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be here all day.
I didn't think that Tom would be here all day.
I didn't think Tom would be here on time.
I didn't think that Tom would be here on time.
I didn't think that Tom would get here on time.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be fired.
I didn't think that Tom would be fired.
I didn't think Tom would be fired for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be fired for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be finished by 2:30.
I didn't think that Tom would be finished by 2:30.
I didn't think that Tom would be so excited.
I didn't think that Tom would be so difficult to get along with.
I didn't think Tom would be confused by that.
I didn't think that Tom would be confused by that.
I didn't think Tom would be coming in this morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be coming in this morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be so busy.
I didn't think Tom would be back.
I didn't think that Tom would be back.
I didn't think Tom would be back until tomorrow.
I didn't think that Tom would be back until tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom would be back soon.
I didn't think that Tom would be back soon.
I didn't think that Tom would be awake when I got home.
I didn't think Tom would be at today's meeting.
I didn't think that Tom would be at today's meeting.
I didn't think Tom would be at school yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be at school yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be at home yesterday afternoon.
I didn't think that Tom would be at home yesterday afternoon.
I didn't think Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't think that Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't think Tom would be as careful as he was.
I didn't think that Tom would be as careful as he was.
I didn't think Tom would be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be as busy as he thought he'd be.
I didn't think that Tom would be as busy as he thought he'd be.
I didn't think Tom would be arrested.
I didn't think that Tom would be arrested.
I didn't think Tom would be amused.
I didn't think that Tom would be amused.
I didn't think Tom would be allowed to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be allowed to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to walk for two or three days.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to walk for two or three days.
I didn't think Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do what you asked him to do.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do what you asked him to do.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that so well.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that so well.
I didn't think Tom would be able figure out how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able figure out how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able come yesterday morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be able come yesterday morning.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go with us.
I didn't think that Tom would want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would remember me.
I didn't think that Tom would really do that.
I didn't think that Tom would need to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would like Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would like doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would help us.
I didn't think that Tom would have to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would have any problems.
I didn't think that Tom would get fired.
I didn't think Tom would get fired for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would get fired for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever do that.
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would do that again.
I didn't think that Tom would cry.
I didn't think that Tom would come.
I didn't think that Tom would be worried.
I didn't think that Tom would be tired.
I didn't think that Tom would be the first one to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be sympathetic.
I didn't think that Tom would be suspicious.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised.
I didn't think that Tom would be scared.
I didn't think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be ready.
I didn't think that Tom would be ready to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be punctual.
I didn't think that Tom would be present.
I didn't think Tom would be present at yesterday's meeting.
I didn't think that Tom would be present at yesterday's meeting.
I didn't think that Tom would be prepared.
I didn't think that Tom would be nervous.
I didn't think that Tom would be nervous doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be mad.
I didn't think that Tom would be lonely.
I didn't think that Tom would be last.
I didn't think that Tom would be jealous.
I didn't think that Tom would be interested.
I didn't think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would be impressed.
I didn't think Tom would be home last Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would be home last Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be here yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be here yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be frightened.
I didn't think that Tom would be forgiven.
I didn't think that Tom would be first.
I didn't think that Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think that Tom would be embarrassed.
I didn't think that Tom would be early.
I didn't think that Tom would be doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be doing that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would be disobedient.
I didn't think that Tom would be discouraged.
I didn't think that Tom would be cooperative.
I didn't think that Tom would be barefoot.
I didn't think that Tom would be awake at this time of night.
I didn't think that Tom would be asleep.
I didn't think that Tom would be alone.
I didn't think that Tom would be afraid.
I didn't think that Tom would be absent.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow us to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow me to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would actually do that.
I didn't think we'd win.
I didn't think that we'd win.
I didn't think we'd see Tom again.
I didn't think that we'd see Tom again.
I didn't think we'd see each other again.
I didn't think that we'd see each other again.
I didn't think we'd reach Boston before dark.
I didn't think that we'd reach Boston before dark.
I didn't think we'd need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I didn't think that we'd need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I didn't think we'd need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I didn't think that we'd need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I didn't think we'd meet again.
I didn't think that we'd meet again.
I didn't think we'd have enough time.
I didn't think that we'd have enough time.
I didn't think we'd have any problem with raising the money we needed.
I didn't think that we'd have any problem with raising the money we needed.
I didn't think I'd be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I didn't think that I'd be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I didn't think we'd be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I didn't think that we'd be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I didn't think that we'd be able to do that.
I didn't think we'd have any chance of winning.
I didn't think that we'd have any chance of winning.
I didn't think we should wait.
I didn't think that we should wait.
I didn't think we should wait any longer.
I didn't think that we should wait any longer.
I didn't think we should try doing that again.
I didn't think that we should try doing that again.
I didn't think we should trust Tom.
I didn't think that we should trust Tom.
I didn't think we should touch anything.
I didn't think that we should touch anything.
I didn't think we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I didn't think there was any chance that Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think there was any chance Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think that there was any chance that Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think that anybody could do that.
I didn't think that anyone could do that.
I didn't think anybody could do this.
I didn't think that anybody could do this.
I didn't think anyone could do this.
I didn't think that anyone could do this.
I didn't think anybody could help me.
I didn't think that anybody could help me.
I didn't think anyone could help me.
I didn't think that anyone could help me.
I didn't think anybody could've done better than you did.
I didn't think that anybody could've done better than you did.
I didn't think anyone could've done better than you did.
I didn't think that anyone could've done better than you did.
I didn't think anybody could've stopped Tom.
I didn't think that anybody could've stopped Tom.
I didn't think anyone could've stopped Tom.
I didn't think that anyone could've stopped Tom.
I didn't think anybody did that.
I didn't think that anybody did that.
I didn't think anyone did that.
I didn't think that anyone did that.
I didn't think anybody else could do my job.
I didn't think that anybody else could do my job.
I didn't think anyone else could do my job.
I didn't think that anyone else could do my job.
I didn't think anybody else had noticed.
I didn't think that anybody else had noticed.
I didn't think anyone else had noticed.
I didn't think that anyone else had noticed.
I didn't think anybody else wanted to come.
I didn't think that anybody else wanted to come.
I didn't think anyone else wanted to come.
I didn't think that anyone else wanted to come.
I didn't think anybody had ever done that before.
I didn't think that anybody had ever done that before.
I didn't think anyone had ever done that before.
I didn't think that anyone had ever done that before.
I didn't think anybody had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think that anybody had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think anyone had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think that anyone had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think anybody had told Tom yet.
I didn't think that anybody had told Tom yet.
I didn't think anyone had told Tom yet.
I didn't think that anyone had told Tom yet.
I didn't think anybody had tried that before.
I didn't think that anybody had tried that before.
I didn't think anyone had tried that before.
I didn't think that anyone had tried that before.
I didn't think anybody knew that yet.
I didn't think that anybody knew that yet.
I didn't think anyone knew that yet.
I didn't think that anyone knew that yet.
I didn't think anybody noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think that anybody noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think anyone noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think anybody noticed what we did.
I didn't think that anybody noticed what we did.
I didn't think anyone noticed what we did.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I didn't think anybody noticed what you did.
I didn't think that anybody noticed what you did.
I didn't think anyone noticed what you did.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what you did.
I didn't think anybody really expected you to be here.
I didn't think that anybody really expected you to be here.
I didn't think anyone really expected you to be here.
I didn't think that anyone really expected you to be here.
I didn't think anybody really expected you to help.
I didn't think that anybody really expected you to help.
I didn't think anyone really expected you to help.
I didn't think that anyone really expected you to help.
I didn't think anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think that anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think that anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think that anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think that anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think anybody saw us.
I didn't think that anybody saw us.
I didn't think anyone saw us.
I didn't think that anyone saw us.
I didn't think anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think that anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think that anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think anybody thought you're crazy.
I didn't think that anybody thought you're crazy.
I didn't think anyone thought you're crazy.
I didn't think that anyone thought you're crazy.
I didn't think anybody was going to help you.
I didn't think that anybody was going to help you.
I didn't think anyone was going to help you.
I didn't think that anyone was going to help you.
I didn't think anybody was here yesterday.
I didn't think that anybody was here yesterday.
I didn't think anyone was here yesterday.
I didn't think that anyone was here yesterday.
I didn't think anybody was satisfied.
I didn't think that anybody was satisfied.
I didn't think anyone was satisfied.
I didn't think that anyone was satisfied.
I didn't think anybody would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think that anybody would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think anyone would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think that anyone would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think anybody would dispute that.
I didn't think that anybody would dispute that.
I didn't think anyone would dispute that.
I didn't think that anyone would dispute that.
I didn't think anybody would like Tom.
I didn't think that anybody would like Tom.
I didn't think anyone would like Tom.
I didn't think that anyone would like Tom.
I didn't think that we'd find anyone who could do that for us.
I didn't think we'd find anybody who can could that for us.
I didn't think we'd find anyone who could do that for us.
I didn't think that we'd find anybody who could do that for us.
Are Tom and Mary living with you?
I didn't want to talk about my family.
Tom is a football player, isn't he?
I didn't want to risk breaking my leg.
How did Tom become a billionaire?
I didn't want there to be any trouble.
Tom tried his best not to be late.
I didn't want you to do that for me.
How gullible do you think Tom is?
Tom is a friendly person, isn't he?
I didn't want to talk about sports.
I asked Tom if he had a hangover.
I didn't want to talk about school.
Tom tried to keep the plan simple.
I didn't want to talk about myself.
I don't remember Tom being there.
I didn't want to take any pictures.
Tom is a gifted composer, isn't he?
I didn't want to do that like that.
I wasn't there when Tom did that.
I didn't want to do anything risky.
Tom waited all afternoon for Mary.
I didn't want to do anything else.
I'm not really sure where Tom is.
I didn't want to attend the party.
Tom is a gifted musician, isn't he?
I didn't think about it that much.
Tom wanted Mary to know the truth.
You shouldn't have left so early.
The person doing that now is Tom.
I didn't worry about it too much.
Tom is a good babysitter, isn't he?
I didn't want to see that happen.
The police searched Tom's office.
I didn't want to get in your way.
Tom was just trying to protect me.
I didn't want to do it like that.
Tom also has an office in Boston.
I didn't want to take that risk.
Tom is a good songwriter, isn't he?
I didn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom refused to talk to reporters.
I didn't want to do that either.
Tom won't play in tomorrow's game.
I didn't want to disappoint you.
Tom seemed to want me to do that.
I didn't want to be laughed at.
Tom is a history teacher, isn't he?
I didn't want things to change.
We heard that Tom was doing that.
I didn't want you to see this.
Tom's mother said he was dyslexic.
I didn't want you to do this.
How exactly did Tom get to Boston?
I didn't want you to be here.
Tom is a little confused, isn't he?
I didn't want to believe you.
I have no idea what Tom's plan is.
I didn't think about it much.
Tom always makes the same mistakes.
I didn't believe that either.
I needed to remind Tom to do that.
I didn't believe that at all.
Tom is a lot smarter now, isn't he?
I didn't want to interfere.
There's really nothing Tom can do.
I didn't work on Monday.
Tom can still read without glasses.
I didn't want to stop.
Tom and his brother live together.
I didn't want to cook.
Tom is a medical student, isn't he?
Mary lost the keys.
Mary lost her keys.
I don't want you to be my wife.
Sami will have to be more careful.
Sami ate the steak.
Sami ate the yoghurt.
Sami brought some mustard.
Sami put the mustard in the fridge.
Sami told me what happened.
Sami brought the rest of his luggage.
Sami loved his father.
Sami has really changed.
Sami tried talking to Layla.
Sami doesn't care about what Layla says.
Sami is one of my grandchildren.
Sami just came to see his grandbabies.
Sami is so happy to be here.
Sami went to his room.
Sami's soup tastes delicious.
Sami's soup needs a little less salt.
Sami opened the gift.
Sami's home insurance has been cancelled.
Sami read Layla's letter.
Sami is in a good mood today.
Sami was so upset that day.
Sami doesn't want to hear the answer.
Sami is fine.
Sami thanked Layla for the book.
Sami and Layla are in the kitchen, fixing dinner.
Sami will do it here.
Sami should keep his mouth shut.
Sami began talking.
Sami heard something.
Sami was talking too fast.
Sami got me a beer.
Sami should wait a little bit.
Sami wants complete silence.
Sami read it.
Sami's house is for sale.
Sami doesn't want to talk about soccer.
Sami talked about this letter.
Sami didn't tell us about this problem.
Sami wanted to talk to me about it.
Sami wanted to discuss this.
Sami doesn't know about it.
Sami tried to help.
Sami said this to Layla.
Sami told this to Layla.
Sami parks his car here.
Sami recommended something else.
Sami saw it.
Sami is very female-dependent.
Sami was with Layla.
Sami read the manual.
Sami doesn't speak Arabic.
Sami read all the manuals.
Sami doesn't know that yet.
Sami was my best man.
Sami is a white guy.
Sami would do anything for a bottle of beer.
Sami was a chef.
Sami called Layla "stupid."
Sami talked to them.
Sami doesn't know about you.
Sami's insurance has been cancelled.
Sami read this.
Sami has always paid every single premium.
Sami signed his name.
Sami is Layla's idiot nephew.
Sami's family is not mine.
Sami is addicted to Layla's family.
Sami said it wasn't Layla's fault.
Sami wants to see him.
Sami lost his appetite.
Sami said it was just a mistake.
Sami cut Layla off for no reason.
Sami left a message for Layla to call him back.
Sami was reading the manual.
Sami wanted to kill Layla's nephew.
Sami is my sister's husband.
Sami and Layla used to play together in this backyard.
Sami didn't have any money for candy.
Sami and Layla started a fight.
Sami cried real loud.
Sami gave Layla a sweet to make her stop crying.
Sami drove Layla crazy.
Sami drove us crazy.
Sami doesn't know this.
Sami doesn't know it yet.
Sami asked Layla straight questions.
Sami gave Layla straight answers.
Sami is coming before dinner.
Sami's story made Layla lose her appetite.
Sami's insurance policy was cancelled.
Sami's daughter looks beautiful.
Sami is my uncle.
Sami's health insurance has been cancelled.
Sami is married.
Sami went upstairs to wash his hair.
Sami knows Layla is lying.
Sami likes Layla's sense of humor.
Sami needs to talk to you about it.
Sami was waiting in the kitchen.
Sami was reading in the kitchen.
Sami always reads in the toilet.
Sami fired Layla.
Sami should get out of here.
Sami left Layla alone in the kitchen.
"But linger thou, nor count thy lingering vain, / though comrades chide, and breezes woo the fleet. / Approach the prophetess; with prayer unchain / her voice to speak."
Is Schrodinger's cat dead or alive?
"She shall the tale repeat / of wars in Italy, thy destined seat, / what toils to shun, what dangers do despise, / and make the triumph of thy quest complete."
North Koreans are really good at drawing lines because they have a Supreme Ruler.
He's from Canada and she's from New Zealand.
Mary is smarter than Tom.
Mary's smarter than Tom.
I have no love for Tom.
This has nothing to do with your question.
Courage is a love affair with the unknown.
"Thou hast whate'er 'tis lawful to advise; / go, and with deathless deeds raise Ilion to the skies."
I'm not difficult to talk to.
Tom's mother put a note in his lunchbox to tell him how much she loved him.
Mary put a note in Tom's lunchbox telling him not to forget to buy bread on his way home.
Nobody says it's easy.
This door won't budge.
I didn't think Tom realized how hard that job was going to be.
I didn't think Tom realized how difficult that job was going to be.
I'm hoping that doesn't happen.
I'm hoping that that doesn't happen.
I didn't think Tom would really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I didn't think that Tom would really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I didn't think Tom would really enjoy playing tennis with Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would really enjoy playing tennis with Mary.
I don't think Tom realized how long it would take to do that.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that until tomorrow.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that until tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom would really do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would really do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that again.
I didn't think Tom would want to talk about that.
I didn't think that Tom would want to talk about that.
I didn't think Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom understood what was going on.
I didn't think that Tom understood what was going on.
I didn't think Tom really planned on doing that.
I didn't think that Tom really planned on doing that.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that again.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom really knew how to do that.
I didn't think Tom really had time to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really had time to do that.
I didn't think Tom really planned to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really planned to do that.
I didn't think Tom really meant what he said.
I didn't think that Tom really meant what he said.
I didn't think Tom understood what you said.
I didn't think that Tom understood what you said.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that either.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that either.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to do that again.
I didn't think Tom wanted that to happen.
I didn't think that Tom wanted that to happen.
I didn't think Tom should do that either.
I didn't think that Tom should do that either.
I didn't think Tom really wanted to know.
I didn't think that Tom really wanted to know.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that.
I didn't think Tom should do that again.
I didn't think that Tom should do that again.
I didn't think Tom would sell anything.
I didn't think that Tom would sell anything.
I didn't think Tom tried hard enough.
I didn't think that Tom tried hard enough.
I didn't think Tom took us seriously.
I didn't think that Tom took us seriously.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that.
I didn't think Tom liked to do that.
I didn't think that Tom liked to do that.
I didn't think Tom wanted any help.
I didn't think that Tom wanted any help.
I didn't think Tom needed our help.
I didn't think that Tom needed our help.
I didn't think Tom needed any help.
I didn't think that Tom needed any help.
I didn't think Tom liked to swim.
I didn't think that Tom liked to swim.
I didn't think Tom liked to ski.
I didn't think that Tom liked to ski.
I didn't think Tom should sing.
I didn't think that Tom should sing.
Tom is starting college this fall.
I tried to volunteer to do that, but they didn't want my help.
Tom comes from a very large family.
I turned on the heater because it was very cold.
Tom is a patient of yours, isn't he?
I'm trying to figure out how to solve the problem by myself.
We loved Tom and we will miss him.
I had trouble unwrapping the package.
Tom has lost about three kilograms.
I tried to stay up all night.
What color did Tom paint his room?
I tried to do that yesterday.
Tom is a pretty cool guy, isn't he?
I tried doing that yesterday.
Why are you trying to impress Tom?
I'm trying to work here.
Tom is being held on $300,bail.
I tried to quit smoking.
A really bad thing happened to Tom.
I'm trying to work now.
Tom is a pretty good guy, isn't he?
I'm trying to win.
I don't have to ask Tom to do that.
I haven't gotten dressed yet.
Dandruff occurs more often among men than women.
We know what Tom wants.
We know what Tom wants to do.
We don't know what Tom wants.
We don't know what Tom wants to do.
I didn't want Tom to take pictures.
Tom and Mary are getting married soon.
Tom and Mary are getting married on Monday.
Tom and Mary got married last Monday.
Nobody was helping us.
We somehow managed to get home, even though we were very drunk.
Tom is the tallest of the three.
Tom is the youngest of the three.
Tom is the smartest of the three.
I didn't think Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I didn't think that Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I didn't think Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I didn't think that Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
Sami slept in the attic.
Sami lived in the attic.
Sami and Layla had sex in the attic.
Sami has a small library in the attic.
Sami loves reading books in the attic.
Sami's house became haunted.
Sami's house is haunted.
Sami likes ghost stories.
Sami's house has been haunted for the past six years.
Sami likes this series.
Sami said his house became haunted.
Sami said it was a nightmare.
Sami sleeps in the attic.
Sami made another video.
Sami paid an immense amount of money.
Sami's house is really sketchy.
Sami said it wasn't safe to live there.
Sami moved in with me.
Sami spent the night at my house.
Sami was there to protect me.
Sami wasn't messing around.
Sami and Layla slept in the same house.
Sami and Layla slept in the attic.
Sami found a place in Cairo.
Sami bought a cottage-style cabin in the woods.
Sami had a backyard.
Sami loved the house so much.
Mennad's house doesn't have an attic.
Sami goes to church on Wednesday.
Sami came back to the house.
Sami and I were talking.
Sami's house has two attics.
Sami followed my sister down the hallway.
Sami slept in that creepy attic.
Sami doesn't like attics.
Sami has another TV in the attic.
Sami kept that stuff in the attic.
Sami's attic was on the sea side.
Sami's attic is creepy.
Sami's attic is really large.
Sami left the box in the attic.
Sami's attic was empty.
Sami didn't see anything.
Sami's attic was pretty empty.
Sami keeps his tools in the attic.
Sami found a black trash bag in the attic.
Sami put the box up in the attic.
Sami and I were sitting in the kitchen.
Sami came down from the attic.
Sami was filming the video in the attic.
Sami was playing in the attic.
Sami didn't feel good.
Sami doesn't want to sleep in the attic.
Sami had black gloves on.
Layla was wearing a dress.
Sami found the wood plank in the attic.
Sami was standing in the middle of the attic.
Sami is a detective.
Sami is the owner of the house.
Sami put the plank back exactly where he found it.
Sami closed the attic.
Sami went back into the attic.
Sami never saw it again.
Sami has gotten a job in Egypt.
Sami will be alone in the house.
Sami went to Egypt that night.
Sami flew to Egypt that night.
Sami woke up six times that night.
Sami saw a ghost in the attic.
Sami woke up in the middle of the night.
Sami felt alone.
Sami was alone with Layla.
Sami got up at around six in the morning.
Sami went back to the attic.
Sami couldn't move his arm.
Sami didn't feel safe.
Sami started panicking.
Sami started to hear footsteps in the attic.
Sami is talking about mice.
Sami was having a family meeting.
Sami wasn't having a nightmare.
Sami was awake a hundred percent.
Mennad's head was on his pillow.
Sami woke up to the barking of Layla's dog.
Sami's dog attacked the cat.
Sami makes Layla feel scared and vulnerable.
Sami's music got louder and louder.
Sami has a studio room.
Sami only had his cat.
Sami is in danger.
Sami left his bed and went to investigate.
Sami's attic is locked.
Sami was dumb.
Sami stayed in his bed.
Sami woke up again.
Sami decided to stay up.
Sami didn't know what was going on that night.
Sami was waiting for Layla to be alone.
Sami left for a trip.
Sami was shaking up.
Sami wasn't home for six days.
Sami wasn't home for six nights.
Sami explained to Layla everything that was going on.
Sami put his equipment in the attic.
Sami's attic is really creepy.
Sami didn't touch it.
Sami didn't move the box.
Sami was scared to even look at the attic.
Sami moved everything into the attic.
Sami moved all the boxes into the attic.
Sami and Layla sleep together every night.
Sami had a puppy.
Sami's puppy sleeps in the attic.
Sami's puppy slept with us.
Sami is watching this.
Sami was staring at the window.
Sami and Layla had a staring contest.
Sami didn't see anything outside the window.
Sami looked outside with Layla.
Sami is staring at the window.
Sami was facing a wall.
Sami's dog was growling at the window.
Sami did that for hours.
Sami did that a lot.
Sami had visions.
Sami's house was redone in the 1960's.
Sami's house was built in the 1960's.
Sami started to get visions.
Sami started to get weird visions.
Sami's room was part of the living room.
Sami saw a rocking chair.
Sami was sitting in the rocking chair.
Sami was rocking in the rocking chair.
Sami started having visions of how the mansion used to look.
Sami's kitcken was squeaky clean.
Sami cleaned his living room.
Sami's kitchen counter was empty.
Sami picked up the note.
Sami went to an Egyptian restaurant in Toronto.
Sami and Layla were holding hair.
Sami has blond hair and Layla has dark hair.
Sami immediately took a picture of this.
Sami had access to Layla's house.
Sami is playing a prank on Layla.
Sami didn't text Layla back.
Sami's dog was in the attic.
Sami's dog was barking at nothing.
Sami has a dog and a cat.
Sami didn't have a lot of filming space.
Sami put all the luggage in the attic.
Sami threw the rug away.
Sami wanted to know what was going on in the attic.
Sami was in the attic.
Sami is in the attic.
Sami and Layla were playing in the attic.
Sami's attic is not safe.
Sami was trying to scare Layla.
Sami is a medium.
Sami edited the video.
Sami narrated Layla's story.
Sami lives in a haunted house.
Sami was living with his girlfriend at the time.
Sami has never seen it before.
Sami lived in a peaceful place.
Sami is my boyfriend's boss.
Sami spent a lot of time there.
Sami changed a lot.
Sami moved into that apartment.
Sami constantly had people over.
Sami lived in a shithole in Cairo.
Sami was rummaging around in the backyard.
Sami ignored the noise.
Sami saw a raccoon.
Sami was banging on the door.
Sami was an extremely deep sleeper.
Sami was on the back porch.
Sami was standing on the front porch.
Sami was too scared to get up and go investigate.
Sami was wide awake.
Sami will be up for the rest of the night.
Sami told Layla about it in the morning.
Sami should get a camera.
Sami had dinner.
Sami suddenly remembered that.
Sami got himself dressed.
Sami saw someone walking along the road.
Sami's eyes were sunken in.
Sami's face was pale.
Sami continued walking.
Sami disappeared into the woods.
Sami never saw Layla again.
Sami must be watching us.
Sami remembers this like it was yesterday.
Sami did drugs with Layla.
Sami smoked weed with Layla.
Sami was home alone at his grandma's.
Sami didn't have an issue with being alone.
Sami had panic attacks.
Sami's attic doesn't feel safe.
Sami is going up there.
Sami's music kept getting louder and louder.
Sami opened the door.
Sami looked around.
Sami's door was open.
Sami heard another crash.
Sami took off down the stairs.
Sami's grandma came home.
Sami slept in the room with Layla.
Sami fell asleep quickly.
Sami couldn't even shut his eyes.
Sami heard people walking in the hallway.
Sami lay awake.
Sami was yelling.
Sami heard a thumping noise.
Sami lived with two roommates.
Sami lives in a small country town.
Sami got off work.
Sami had issues with his anxiety.
Sami lives in a small town.
Sami has been placed in a hospital due to issues with his anxiety.
Sami was a few years older than Layla.
Sami continued on his way.
Sami passed a young man in the hall.
Sami had an eerie feeling.
Sami was being watched.
Sami was leaning against a corner of the hall.
Sami lives in a super tiny town.
Sami had blue eyes.
Sami was cursing.
Sami was paranoid.
Sami played with his dog and cat for a few minutes.
Sami had a creepy feeling.
Sami started watching X-Files.
Sami sat in silence.
Sami's dog wasn't barking.
Sami heard the knocking again.
Sami heard a muffled voice.
Sami saw Layla through the blinds.
Sami is coughing.
Sami's dog went ballistic.
Sami picked up his phone.
Sami is calling the police.
Sami's cellphone died.
Sami was right.
Sami ran towards the front door.
Sami tripped over his cat.
Sami spoke to me calmly.
Sami just wanted to talk.
Sami started to back up towards the front door.
Sami couldn't possibly fight that guy.
Sami suddenly launched towards Layla.
Sami was pressing against Layla so hard.
Sami sang into Layla's ear.
Sami's mind was racing.
Sami left the lotion botton on the floor.
Sami was singing the baby to sleep.
Sami felt his legs go weak.
Sami walked Layla away from the door.
Sami heard a knock on the door.
Sami was about to die.
Sami walked Layla up the stairs.
Sami slammed the picture onto Layla's head.
Sami was escorted by police to his mother's house.
Sami had several murder charges.
Sami has never been more thankful to be alive.
Sami lived in Cairo, Egypt.
Sami's roommates were a married couple.
Sami didn't let Layla smoke in the house.
Sami used the other bedroom.
Sami sat there.
Sami wanted to smoke.
Sami looked like a hobo.
Sami wants a cigarette.
Sami is taking a trip to Cairo.
Sami was trying to write something.
Sami went outside to have a smoke.
Sami lit his cigarette.
Sami got closer.
Sami's eyes were wide.
Sami asked Layla to help him.
Sami didn't say anything to Layla.
Sami has been abducted.
Sami flung his arms behind him.
Sami tossed the cigarette to the ground.
Sami was shaking violently.
Sami raised his hands.
Sami no longer felt the tips of his fingers.
Sami went inside and called the cops.
Sami stayed in Layla's car.
Sami went to the kitchen.
Sami ripped the phone off the wall.
Sami will arrive soon.
Sami talked to the operator.
Sami was panting as though he had run a mile.
Sami was panting.
Sami was suddenly very worried.
Sami felt unable to do anything.
Sami beat the guy to a pulp.
Sami was looking for the girl.
Sami was mistaken for the girl's abductor.
Sami was standing in front of his house.
Sami waited for Layla to speak but she didn't say anything.
Sami still stared.
Sami has been located by the police.
Sami's seat was empty.
Sami was in the passenger seat.
Sami rents a room in this house.
Sami is on a trip.
Sami keeps all his old stuff in the attic.
Sami doesn't need anything.
Sami was way too nervous.
Sami was never contacted by anyone.
Sami probably had a moustache.
Sami had a moustache.
Sami had no knowledge of such an incident.
Sami didn't call.
Sami never called.
Sami never calls.
Sami doesn't know what happened to that girl.
Sami made it back home safe.
Sami was a young and impressionable teenager back then.
Sami had a bad habit.
Sami was a bit of an introvert.
Sami made lots of friends back then.
Sami sent me a private message.
Sami lived on the West Coast, somewhere in California.
Sami didn't seem to have the time to talk to me.
Sami just lost interest.
Sami kept messaging Layla.
Sami and I are meant for each other.
Layla politely rejected Sami.
Sami eventually blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami wanted a serious relationship with Layla.
Sami called Layla with an unknown number.
Sami keeps all his old books in the attic.
Sami found an old photo album in the attic.
Did you throw up?
Sami was in a happy relationship.
Sami annoyed Layla with that story.
Sami changed his number.
Sami said that he still loved me.
Sami had to break up with his girlfriend.
Sami blocked Layla.
Sami didn't tell his girlfriend anything.
Sami blocked Layla every time she messaged him.
Sami changed phones and numbers.
Sami got another text.
Sami got a text from an unknown number.
Sami received a text and he had no doubt it was Layla.
Sami loves Layla so much.
Sami wanted to throw up.
Sami told Layla where he was.
Sami and Layla can finally be together.
Sami was just so terrified that he couldn't think straight.
Sami got pissed.
Sami came all this way so that he can be with Layla.
Sami didn't sleep.
Sami never heard from Layla again.
Sami doesn't know how Layla got his number.
Sami hoped Layla was OK.
Sami was living with three other boys.
Sami's neighbors are college students.
Sami is at an insane asylum.
Sami was released from the insane asylum.
Sami was released from jail.
Sami was getting ready to go to work.
Sami came over to visit us.
Sami will be meeting up with Layla.
Sami heard the front door slamming shut.
Sami heard footsteps in the hallway.
Sami immediately grabbed his clothes and ran to the bathroom.
Sami heard nothing.
Sami didn't hear anything.
Sami found six missed calls on his phone.
Sami needs to get out.
Sami saw a man walking through the front door.
Sami wasn't sure of the man's intentions.
Sami remained on the phone with Layla.
Sami didn't see any movement.
Sami remained on the phone with the dispatcher.
You always say you're going to move to Canada, Tom.
Sami refused to go back into the house until the police arrived.
Sami wondered what Layla's intentions were.
The accomplishments of every civil rights movement could be turned back quickly if people get complacent.
Just wrap them up.
Please wrap them up.
My dads are healthy.
Do you want me to wrap them up as a gift?
Sami slept with Layla in the attic.
Sami and Layla sleep in the attic.
Sami's cat was in the attic.
Sami's guitar is in the attic.
Sami keeps an old piano in the attic.
Sami did an Elvis song.
Sami was playing the guitar in the attic.
Sami plays video games in the attic.
Sami hid in the attic.
Sami was hiding in the attic.
Sami found a dead owl in the attic.
I'm trying to regain my balance.
Sami was smoking dope in the attic.
Sami was secretly smoking weed in the attic.
Sami didn't want to lose his son to drugs.
Sami hid the rifle in the attic.
Sami keeps his fishing gear in the attic.
Sami can't tell Layla.
Sami got angry at Layla.
Sami called Dr Bakir.
I will try to regain my balance.
Sami wore a checkered shirt.
Sami suddenly remembered that he hadn't locked the damn door.
Sami wanted to go a step further.
Sami was tweeting about it.
Layla doesn't use lipstick.
Sami posted the video.
Sami posted a video.
Sami filmed the video.
Sami moved into an apartment that was very old.
Sami believed the apartment was haunted.
Sami doesn't believe in ghosts.
Sami moved into this old apartment.
Sami's apartment is pretty old.
Sami was awake.
Sami heard tapping noises.
Sami heard noises.
Sami heard a little tapping on the floor.
Sami was in the kitchen.
Sami heard those voices.
Sami was the last one to fall asleep.
Sami's apartment creeped Layla out.
Sami noticed the attic door.
Sami didn't know his house had an attic.
Sami never looked up.
Sami's attic is very creepy.
Sami recorded this on his phone.
Sami recorded himself.
Sami said his room was haunted.
Sami thought it was an earthquake.
Sami didn't move.
Sami's bed was moving.
Sami is calling the cops.
Sami drank a glass of water.
Austria is the land of kangaroos.
Sami woke up every day at the exact same time.
Sami lives in a very quiet apartment area in a quiet neighborhood.
Sami heard sounds on the roof.
Sami walked on the roof.
Sami was walking on the roof above us.
Sami's door was slightly open.
Sami's window is slightly open.
Sami's fruits and vegetables were going bad.
Sami said his house was haunted.
Sami said this had happened to him before.
Sami was really weird.
Sami freaked out.
Sami loves horror stories.
Sami was in his room, watching TV.
Sami's room is connected to the attic.
Sami heard little cracks in the ceiling.
Sami was used to the noise.
Sami pulled the attic door down.
Sami was scared of the attic his entire childhood.
Sami expressed his fear to the psychiatrist.
Sami was still playing.
Sami had the volume of his TV low so that he doesn't wake anyone up.
Sami was watching TV and playing video games.
Sami used a flashlight to navigate in the attic.
Sami kept piles of newspapers in the attic.
Sami finally decided to go to sleep.
Sami started to hear something from the attic.
Sami heard footsteps in the attic.
Sami stared at the attic door.
Sami saw the door slowly begin to open.
Sami tiptoed to his mother's room.
Sami waited in silence.
Sami was screaming at Layla to come.
Sami didn't find anyone in the attic.
Sami heard the noises in the attic, too.
Sami rented out a small family house in Cairo.
Sami didn't have a lot of space to store things.
Sami stored that stuff in the attic.
Sami noticed a tiny lock on the attic door.
Sami was paying a good price.
Sami didn't want to mess it up.
Sami didn't drink that much.
Sami didn't remember.
Sami came to the kitchen to have breakfast.
Sami started to wonder if he was going crazy or if his house was haunted.
Sami did some research on ghosts before going to sleep.
Sami got out of bed to go to the bathroom.
Sami rubbed his eyes.
Sami's attic door was open.
Sami had a heavy-duty flashlight.
Sami's attic was very big.
Sami had a bed in one corner of the attic.
Sami had to get out of the house.
Sami was crawling towards Layla.
Sami's expression was so dry and emotionless.
Sami's eyes opened wide.
Sami didn't speak any word.
Mennad went down the ladder.
Sami was planning on buying a house.
Sami swore he would never live in a house with an attic.
Sami and Layla played hide-and-seek.
Sami and Layla were home alone.
Sami lost the first round.
Sami was hiding and Layla was seeking.
Sami's attic is a perfect hiding spot.
Sami was navigating the attic in the dark.
Sami won.
Sami and Layla were playing hide-and-seek.
Sami rushed inside.
Sami was checking his tires.
Sami heard the sound of a bag being crumpled.
Sami was crumpling the bag.
Sami stopped crumpling the bag.
Sami turned on the light.
Sami called Layla's name in a mocking kind of tone.
Sami called Layla's name.
Sami had his finger on his lips and asked Layla not to make a sound.
Sami and Layla were already in the living room.
Sami ran to his neighbor's house.
Sami said there was someone in the attic.
Sami went out there.
Sami peeked inside the attic.
Sami knows what to do.
Sami can protect Layla from anything.
Sami is in his pyjamas.
Sami has never seen this before.
Sami has a flashlight.
Sami looked in the attic.
Sami can't see what he's doing.
Sami gave Layla a flashlight.
Sami saw something moving around.
Sami's dog jumped at Layla.
Sami couldn't open the door.
Sami found a huge tarantula in the attic.
Sami pooped in the attic.
Sami's dog pooped in the attic.
Sami can't see anything else.
Sami didn't say anything else.
Sami locked the attic door.
Sami closed the attic door.
Layla is dishevelled today.
Sami tried to remain calm.
Sami recently moved away from home.
Sami rented an apartment with his girlfriend.
Sami has a really nice apartment in a very nice area.
Sami was checking the door.
Sami has his own closet.
Sami said the attic door was in the closet.
Sami's side of the closet is messy.
Sami doesn't like scary movies.
Sami is scared of everything.
Sami always stares at that door.
Sami has an attic door in his closet.
Sami left for work in the morning.
Sami and Layla live in the same apartment.
Sami was in his apartment.
Sami wasn't expecting that.
Sami was gone for like thirty minutes.
Sami will call you right back.
Sami hung up the phone.
Sami was in the toilet.
Sami was texting people.
Sami came home early for lunch.
Sami would never scare me.
Sami knows that I don't like that.
Sami could hear something else.
Sami felt a little weird.
Sami went to pee.
Sami called his mom.
Sami picked up his phone and called his mom.
Sami feels safer in there.
Sami went into the closet.
Sami's light was off.
Sami literally felt his soul leave his body.
Sami died there.
Sami died here.
Sami was peeing.
Sami ran out of his apartment.
Sami is not coming back here.
Sami isn't coming back here.
Sami opened the attic door.
Sami was super nice.
Sami was very helpful.
Sami lives up there.
Sami tried to close the door.
Sami didn't close the door right.
Sami asked Layla to close the attic.
Sami never goes up there.
Sami never goes to the attic.
Sami called the maintenance guy.
Sami and the maintenance guy were in the attic.
Sami googled it.
Sami was fixing something in the attic.
Sami feels better.
Sami needs to move.
Sami has to go somewhere else.
Sami's story was super boring.
Sami wants to read more stories.
Sami was watching YouTube.
Sami's friend was busy.
Sami was watching YouTube videos.
Sami was really scared.
Sami felt so dumb at that point.
Sami has never done that before.
Sami is thinking.
Sami explained it.
Sami needs to take a shower, first.
Sami needs to brush his teeth.
Sami didn't even brush his teeth.
Sami got very mad at me.
Sami shared the room with his brothers.
Sami was five or six years old.
Sami was extremely paranoid.
Sami heard scratching sounds.
Sami got used to it.
Sami heard sounds from the attic.
Sami ran downstairs.
Sami quickly called the police.
Sami lives on a farm.
Sami lives in Egypt.
Sami has been moving across the world.
Sami married an Egyptian girl.
Sami moved to Europe.
Sami got an e-mail from his boss.
Sami doesn't live on a farm.
Sami doesn't know what that means.
Sami knew how to take care of cows.
Sami loves cows.
Sami was a nice man.
Sami opened the door and was hit with a smell of sewage.
Sami walked into the bathroom.
Sami e-mailed his parents.
Sami saw a spider crawling across the table.
Sami turned the lights off.
Sami was waiting for someone.
Sami's underwear was everywhere in the room.
Sami hid the camera.
Sami never talked to me.
Sami didn't know what it was.
Sami ate his salad.
Sami didn't drink juice.
Sami didn't know what he had done to deserve that.
Sami was looking at the salad.
Sami found a bug in the salad.
Sami didn't even know how to speak the language.
Sami ate boiled potatoes.
Sami ate potatoes every day.
Sami ate the same thing every single day.
Sami had to stay there.
Sami ate the bug.
Sami didn't sit by Layla.
Sami never showered.
Sami never sat by me.
Sami never sat by Layla.
Sami didn't speak the language.
Sami never came back.
Sami is staying with me.
Sami met a lot of amazing people in Egypt.
Sami read a magazine.
Sami was eating lunch with Layla.
Sami smelt.
Sami and Layla spoke Arabic.
Sami learned this the hard way.
Sami didn't lock the damn door.
Sami threw off the sheets.
Sami wasn't sure who it was.
Sami wasn't sure what it was.
Sami didn't want to move.
Sami tried to convince Layla to move.
Sami didn't hear anything that night.
Sami doesn't speak a word of Arabic.
Sami was milking the cow.
Sami was watching this.
Sami kicked me out in the middle of the night.
So spake the seer, and shipward bids his friends / rich gifts convey, and store them in the hold. / Gold, silver plate, carved ivory he sends, / with massive caldrons of Dodona's mould; / a coat of mail, with triple chain of gold, / and shining helm, with cone and flowing crest, / the arms of Pyrrhus, glorious to behold.
The best known Austrian marsupials are kangaroos and koalas.
Welcome to Austria. Please don't feed the kangaroos.
This process has taken longer than expected.
I was afraid that you were engaged.
Then I can wait in the next room.
He is still with you, I presume?
Nor lacks my sire his presents; for the rest / steeds, guides and arms he finds, and oarsmen of the best.
Tom claims he has psychic powers.
Tom claims he can do telekinesis.
Tom claims he can see the future.
Tom claims he can bend spoons with his mind.
Tom claims he has psychometry.
Tom claims he can read an object's history by touching it.
Tom says his dreams always come true.
Tom says he often lucid dreams.
Tom claims he can do astral projection.
Tom claims he has clairvoyance.
Tom claims he is clairvoyant.
Tom claims he can see auras.
Tom claims he can levitate himself.
Tom claims he is telepathic.
Tom claims he has telepathic powers.
Tom claims he has animal telepathy.
Tom claims he was abducted by aliens.
Tom claims he was an extraterrestrial in his past life.
Tom claims he can communicate with spirits.
I think Tom is a charlatan.
I think Tom is a mythomaniac.
I think Tom has mythomania.
"Don't you ever want to NOT go to work Tom?" "Of course! Doesn't everybody?"
Excuse me, would you mind turning the AC down a little?
I bought eggs at the store on the way home.
Buy eggs at the store on your way home.
This is your last warning!
Cars built nowadays are different from the ones built in the 70's.
It hasn' been minutes yet.
I don't like bananas that much.
Our house is clean.
I came very early.
It's too dark so I can't see very well.
Everything tastes good!
You dont just have dollars lying around.
Were you a bartender in Australia?
Dont let the dog answer the phone.
Sami knew what to do.
Sami is sitting down.
Sami told us a story.
Sami was a young immature ignorant kid.
Sami cleaned the fridge.
Sami threw everything in the garbage disposal.
Sami tossed the food down the garbage disposal.
Sami had an apartment.
Sami didn't use the garbage disposal a lot.
Sami let the water keep running.
Sami's garbage disposal was broken.
Sami's sink got clogged.
Sami doesn't know what that is.
Sami fixed the sink.
Sami is on the other side.
Sami can fix it.
Sami doesn't need to call a plumber.
Sami can fix it himself.
Sami unclogged the toilet.
Sami tried to fix the garbage disposal himself.
Sami didn't want to mess with the garbage disposal anymore.
Sami knows how to unclog a sink.
Sami is still at work.
Sami didn't leave his shower on.
Sami looked down.
Sami was standing in water.
Sami was in his own house.
Sami broke the dishwasher.
Sami was freaking out.
Sami bought a new dishwasher.
Sami loves this story.
Sami ruined the dishwasher.
Sami has a new dishwasher.
Sami put some drain cleaner in the sink.
Sami's sink is still clogged.
Sami has to deal witht he consequences.
Sami is coming on Saturday.
Sami was trying to help that lady.
Sami was a rude asshole.
Sami came into the store.
Sami greeted the customers.
Sami didn't even look at me.
Sami walked into the store.
Sami's bag looked like a purse.
Sami was shopping with one of those bags.
Sami was behind the register.
Sami was behind the counter.
Sami is being so rude today.
Sami is being so rude.
Sami didn't get involved in that.
Sami deserved it.
Sami deserves it.
Sami didn't even know her.
Sami doesn't know who this lady is.
Sami and Layla were in the makeup section.
Sami hates when Layla does this.
Sami put the bag on the counter.
Sami handed Layla the bag.
Sami shouldn't be the one doing that.
Sami never washes that bag.
Sami doesn't want to touch that disgusting bag.
Sami can't use that.
Sami tried to explain that.
Sami doesn't work here.
Sami was arguing with me.
Sami's manager came over and started to yell at him.
Sami is an asshole.
Sami got annoyed.
Sami and Layla were arguing about a fucking three-dollar coupon.
Sami called his manager.
Sami was expecting Layla to do something.
Sami was annoyed.
Sami didn't like that.
Sami did not like that.
Layla was a snobby bitch.
Sami's girlfriend was a snobby bitch.
Sami's marriage came around.
Sami can't help you anymore.
Sami doesn't have the authority to do that.
Sami came to help me.
Sami can't wait for your manager to come here.
Sami should be fired.
Sami was mistreated.
Sami's store is disgusting.
Sami was so rude to me.
Sami is arguing with Layla.
Sami couldn't say anything.
Sami is hearing everything that she is saying.
Sami is hearing everything that she's saying.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of her manager.
Sami didn't say anything to defend Layla.
Sami didn't do anything to defend Layla.
Sami was listening to her.
Sami can't do this.
Sami was really sorry.
Sami was staring at me the whole time.
Sami walked his ass around the counter and left the store.
Sami was so frustrated.
Sami lost his job.
Sami has lost his job.
Sami is pretty sure that he has lost his job.
Sami was bawling his eyes out.
Sami doesn't want to work here anymore.
Sami was having his lunch.
Sami and Layla were having their lunch.
Sami is happy with them.
Sami has already used the coupon.
Sami doesn't like that.
Sami wants another one.
Sami returned the phone.
Sami is having a mental breakdown.
Sami was having a mental breakdown.
Sami's eyes were so red.
Sami's cheeks were red.
Sami's face was so red.
Sami wasn't mad at all.
Sami was not mad at all.
Sami left me alone with all those people.
Sami was talking like a manager.
Sami came in here.
Layla was such a fucking bitch.
Sami was annoyed with a customer.
Sami should go fuck himself.
Sami has been through it.
Sami told Layla to go fuck herself.
Sami stole the phone from a store.
Sami doesn't have to do that for ever.
Sami enjoyed the story.
Sami follows my Instagram.
Sami wanted to make his Instagram content better.
Sami is not an angel.
Sami was more interested in Layla.
Sami uploads videos every day.
I'm having uncomfortable thoughts about you.
I'm having uncomfortable thoughts about Tom.
Sami wasn't in the mood to record a video.
Sami told me about his past.
Sami left Layla a message on her Facebook page.
Layla is a bitch.
Layla is a real bitch.
Layla is a bitch. She really is.
Sami treats everybody the same.
Sami was wearing flip-flops.
Sami was wearing Gucci flip-flops.
Sami looks normal.
Sami did that last time.
Sami is listening.
Sami works there.
Sami went to a different store.
Sami recorded six videos.
Sami will be in Cairo from Tuesday to Saturday.
Sami said it was cold in there.
Sami is talking too fast.
Sami heard commotion outside.
Sami crossed the street.
Sami knows where I live.
Sami looked outside.
Sami was walking ahead of them.
Sami was looking outside.
Sami is walking.
Sami stopped.
Sami can still see them.
Sami pulled Layla back.
Sami pulled Layla back again.
Sami was called names.
Sami felt bullied.
Sami feels alone.
Sami was bullying that little girl.
Sami's business isn't your business.
Sami went to jail.
Sami is going to jail tonight.
Sami is making fun of me.
Sami opened the window.
Sami looked up.
Sami was getting bullied.
Sami stayed right there.
Sami isn't going anywhere.
Sami is going nowhere.
Sami beat Farid's ass.
Sami was bullying the little girl.
Sami heard Layla whispering in the back.
Sami left Layla alone.
Sami is just talking.
Sami was whispering.
Sami isn't talking to you.
Sami is white and Layla is black.
Sami was pulling Layla by her hoodie.
Sami felt like a boss.
Sami needs to leave Layla alone.
Sami and Layla kept walking.
Sami and Layla left.
Sami knows.
Sami is very happy.
Sami is getting bullied.
Sami and Layla go to the same school.
Sami and I go to the same school.
Sami doesn't understand anything.
Sami needs to fix this.
Sami needs to turn to God.
Sami was just trying to figure out what was going wrong.
Sami needs to figure this out right now.
Sami opened up to me.
Sami needs to talk to Layla.
Sami sees a psychiatrist.
Sami ruined his daughter's life.
Sami stopped liking Layla.
Sami is not interested in Layla.
Sami isn't interested in Layla.
Sami just said that.
Sami didn't like Layla back.
Sami and Layla like each other.
Sami still likes Layla.
Sami was bullied in his old school.
Aart doesn't like black people.
Sami was just upset.
Sami noticed Layla.
Sami wanted to get Layla to notice him.
Sami is not interested in me.
Sami isn't interested in me.
Sami cheated on Layla.
Sami grew up.
Sami was my age.
Sami has a big sister.
Layla is a woman now.
Sami seemed very regretful.
Sami needs to do something.
I don't often do the same thing as Tom.
I don't often do the same thing as Tom does.
I don't go to the same school that Tom does.
I don't go to the same school that Tom goes to.
You should tell Tom you don't plan to be in Australia next year.
You should tell Tom that you don't plan to be in Australia next year.
You never told me you didn't like Australia.
You never told me that you didn't like Australia.
You know Tom used to live in Australia, don't you?
You know that Tom used to live in Australia, don't you?
You have to tell Tom you won't be going to Australia with him.
You have to tell Tom that you won't be going to Australia with him.
Would you go to Australia if you had the chance?
Would you go to Australia if you had the chance to?
Why do you think Tom came to Australia?
Why do you think that Tom came to Australia?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like Australia?
Why do you think that Tom doesn't like Australia?
Why do you think Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore?
Why do you think that Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore?
Why do you think Tom went to Australia?
Why do you think that Tom went to Australia?
Who does Tom plan to stay with in Australia?
Who does Tom plan on staying with in Australia?
Who do you plan to stay with in Australia?
Who do you plan on staying with in Australia?
Who are you planning to go to Australia with?
Who are you planning on going to Australia with?
Where's Australia?
Where is Australia?
Where does Tom plan to stay in Australia?
Where does Tom plan on staying in Australia?
Where do you plan to stay in Australia?
Where do you plan on staying in Australia?
When's Tom coming back from Australia?
When is Tom coming back from Australia?
What made you think I was going to go to Australia with Tom?
What made you think that I was going to go to Australia with Tom?
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never been to Australia?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary have never been to Australia?
What makes you think Tom has never been to Australia?
What makes you think that Tom has never been to Australia?
What do you think Tom did in Australia?
What do you think that Tom did in Australia?
Were all your children born in Australia?
Were all of your children born in Australia?
We've lived in Australia three years.
We've lived in Australia for three years.
We've already decided we'll go to Australia in October.
We've already decided that we'll go to Australia in October.
We're planning to stay in Australia for a few months.
We're planning on staying in Australia for a few months.
We were married in Australia in 2013.
We were married in in Australia.
We told everybody we were moving to Australia.
We told everybody that we were moving to Australia.
We told everyone that we were moving to Australia.
We told everyone we were moving to Australia.
We thought you'd already gone to Australia.
We thought that you'd already gone to Australia.
We think Tom might be in Australia.
We think that Tom might be in Australia.
We think you should go to Australia.
We think that you should go to Australia.
My brother is three years older than I am.
My brother is three years older than me.
My sister is three years younger than I am.
My sister is three years younger than me.
What were you doing this time last year?
What were you doing at this time last year?
We might visit Australia next spring.
We may visit Australia next spring.
We might stay in Australia for another three days.
We may stay in Australia for another three days.
We might stay in Australia for a few more days.
We may stay in Australia for a few more days.
We might stay in Australia for a couple of weeks.
We may stay in Australia for a couple of weeks.
We might not stay in Australia as long as we had planned to.
We may not stay in Australia as long as we had planned to.
We might not go to Australia this spring.
We may not go to Australia this spring.
We might need to go to Australia next month.
We may need to go to Australia next month.
We might need to be in Australia for several weeks.
We may need to be in Australia for several weeks.
We might live in Australia for another year.
We may live in Australia for another year.
We might live in Australia for a few years.
We may live in Australia for a few years.
We might have to be in Australia all year.
We may have to be in Australia all year.
We might go to Australia next summer.
We may go to Australia next summer.
We might go to Australia next spring.
We may go to Australia next spring.
We might go to Australia next winter.
We may go to Australia next winter.
We might go to Australia next month.
We may go to Australia next month.
We might come to Australia next month.
We may come to Australia next month.
We might be in Australia the month after tomorrow.
We may be in Australia the month after tomorrow.
We might be in Australia next spring.
We may be in Australia next spring.
We might actually be in Australia all year.
We may actually be in Australia all year.
We might need to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We may need to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We might need to live in Australia for a few years.
We may need to live in Australia for a few years.
We might need to be in Australia for longer than we expected.
We may need to be in Australia for longer than we expected.
We might have to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We may have to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We might have to live in Australia for a few years.
We may have to live in Australia for a few years.
We might have to go to Australia the week after next.
We may have to go to Australia the week after next.
We might have to be in Australia for a week or two.
We may have to be in Australia for a week or two.
We might go to Australia next month to visit Tom.
We may go to Australia next month to visit Tom.
We might be in Australia next winter.
We may be in Australia next winter.
We lived in Australia a few years.
We lived in Australia for a few years.
We lived in Australia three years.
We lived in Australia for three years.
We just lived in Australia for a short time.
We only lived in Australia for a short time.
We hope you visit Australia.
We hope that you visit Australia.
We have to stay in Australia for another three months.
We have to stay in Australia for three more months.
We don't know for sure Tom is still in Australia.
We don't know for sure that Tom is still in Australia.
We didn't live in Australia very long.
We didn't live in Australia for very long.
Tom has been living in Australia since he was three.
Tom has been living in Australia since he was three years old.
Tom wished he hadn't promised Mary he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom wished he hadn't promised Mary that he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't go to Australia with her.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he won't go to Australia with her.
Tom went to Australia because everyone else in his family did.
Tom went to Australia because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom went to Australia because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom went to Australia because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason Tom went to Australia because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom went to Australia because everybody else in his family did.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom wasn't in Australia very long.
Tom wasn't in Australia for very long.
Tom was the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom was the only one who didn't know that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom was one the first people Mary met when she moved to Australia.
Tom was one the first people that Mary met when she moved to Australia.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I doubt that he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I doubt he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I don't think he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I don't think that he's still there.
Tom was hoping he could go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom was hoping that he could go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Sami doesn't know exactly what Layla said.
Sami spoke fast.
Sami tattooed that right on his neck.
Layla loved drama.
Sami was being bullied.
Sami was being bullied in the hallway.
Sami went back to school.
Sami saw her.
Sami bullied her again.
Sami and Layla shared information.
Layla and I are sisters.
Sami stopped crying.
Sami has been through the same thing.
Sami goes to a school that's very close to where I live.
Sami went back downstairs.
Sami went back upstairs.
Sami is just really proud of himself.
Sami got involved in a situation that had nothing to do with him.
Sami was messing with Layla.
Sami was an angel on earth.
Sami was an angel.
Sami apologized to her.
Sami seemed very, very sincere.
Sami seemed sincere.
Sami seemed very sincere.
Sami is really proud of himself.
Sami prayed for her.
Sami is following me.
Sami was following her.
Sami left the scene.
Sami watched the video and took notes.
Sami is older than you.
Layla and Salima are sisters.
Sami loves you all.
Sami is dead now.
Sami has never been bullied before.
Sami started to believe in karma.
Sami had no friends.
Sami was eating by himself.
Sami kept messaging Layla every day.
Sami got Layla's message.
Sami has learned something from this.
Sami should stand up for himself.
Sami stood up for Layla.
Tom wondered what Mary would say if she knew he had spent his vacation in Australia with Alice.
We're in Australia.
We were worried that Tom might not make friends in Australia, but he seems to be doing OK.
We met in Australia.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all think that Australia is a good place to live.
We live in Australia.
Tom went to Australia without even telling me he was planning to go there.
We visited Australia.
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't want to go to Australia with him?
We went to Australia.
Tom would be here doing that now if he didn't have to be in Australia.
We were in Australia.
Tom will be heading back to Australia after this project is completed.
What's Australia like?
Wasn't Tom supposed to stay in Australia until the end of next month?
You'll love Australia.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I don't know if he's still there.
We're in Australia now.
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with you?
We're not in Australia.
When did you find out that Tom wanted to go to Australia with you?
We weren't in Australia.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go to Australia with John.
We're leaving Australia.
Tom wondered how difficult it would be to find a job in Australia.
What was Australia like?
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Australia with Tom?
Why go to Australia now?
Tom wondered whether it would be hard to find a job in Australia.
We're all from Australia.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go to Australia with him.
We're based in Australia.
We have to stay in Australia until Tom gets out of the hospital.
We're going to Australia.
Tom would stay in Australia longer if his parents would let him.
Why are you in Australia?
Tom would probably go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
We both live in Australia.
Tom will probably stay in Australia until the Monday after next.
We both work in Australia.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident last year in Australia.
We bought it in Australia.
When was the last time Tom and Mary went to Australia together?
We didn't go to Australia.
Tom's parents aren't going to let him go to Australia with you.
We didn't visit Australia.
While Tom is in Australia, he's going to visit some relatives.
We should go to Australia.
When was the last time you and Tom went to Australia together?
We were just in Australia.
Tom would've come to Australia with me if he hadn't been busy.
We're both from Australia.
We'll stay in Australia until Tom graduates from high school.
We're moving to Australia.
Tom worked as a teacher in Australia until his death in 2013.
Welcome back to Australia.
Tom went to Australia last year to live with his grandfather.
Why do you like Australia?
Tom wasn't able to stay in Australia as long as he wanted to.
Why were you in Australia?
When you were in Australia, you worked with Tom, didn't you?
We're halfway to Australia.
Were you there when Tom told Mary he was going to Australia?
We're located in Australia.
We were in Australia last year for a few weeks visiting Tom.
Were you born in Australia?
Tom was in Australia on vacation when his house burned down.
Were you in Australia, too?
Tom, Mary and their children went to Australia last winter.
Who has to go to Australia?
Tom, Mary and John all live with their mother in Australia.
Who should go to Australia?
Tom's only living relative is an uncle living in Australia.
You must come to Australia.
Tom will likely go to Australia during his summer vacation.
You should go to Australia.
Tom will be going back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
You should leave Australia.
Tom will go back home to Australia the day after tomorrow.
You should visit Australia.
You were hoping to go to Australia with Tom, weren't you?
We didn't stay in Australia.
You should ask Tom to go with us when we go to Australia.
What do you do in Australia?
What I really want to do is go to Australia to visit Tom.
What it's like in Australia?
We went to Australia to spend a couple of weeks with Tom.
What's Australia famous for?
Tom wouldn't have gone to Australia if he didn't have to.
What's it like in Australia?
Tom will probably still be in Australia on Christmas day.
Why aren't you in Australia?
Last week, Tom told me that he'd never been to Australia.
Why can't I go to Australia?
We showed Tom some of the pictures we took in Australia.
Why did you go to Australia?
Tom will get back from Australia this week or next week.
Why would I go to Australia?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Australia with Mary?
You have to leave Australia.
We don't even know if Tom is still in Australia or not.
We agreed to go to Australia.
Tom wouldn't go back to Australia if he didn't need to.
We aren't going to Australia.
Tom wouldn't go back to Australia if he didn't have to.
We can still go to Australia.
Tom won't be going to Australia with us, but Mary will.
We can't go to Australia yet.
Tom went to Australia, where he stayed for three years.
We have to move to Australia.
You should've visited Tom while you were in Australia.
We used to live in Australia.
You never should've let Tom go to Australia with Mary.
We want to move to Australia.
You didn't tell me Tom was going to Australia with us.
We'll be living in Australia.
Why are Tom and I being asked to go back to Australia?
We're not going to Australia.
Who did Tom say was going to go to Australia with him?
Were you really in Australia?
When was the last time you went to Australia with Tom?
What brings you to Australia?
Tom would've liked to have gone to Australia with you.
What did you do in Australia?
Tom would've come to Australia with us if he could've.
What is it like in Australia?
Tom wished he were able to visit Australia more often.
What's Australia really like?
Tom went to Australia, where he lived for three years.
When did you go to Australia?
Tom went to Australia to stay with one of his cousins.
When did you visit Australia?
Tom wasn't with us the last time we came to Australia.
Who do you know in Australia?
Tom wasn't sure if Mary was still in Australia or not.
Why are you in Australia now?
Tom was in Australia for about three months last year.
Why can't we go to Australia?
You didn't want to go to Australia with Tom, did you?
Why don't we go to Australia?
What's Tom doing here? I thought he was in Australia.
Why should I go to Australia?
Tom would never leave Australia without his children.
Why should I leave Australia?
Tom would go to Australia with us if he had the time.
Why should I visit Australia?
Tom wondered why Mary didn't want to go to Australia.
You ought to go to Australia.
Tom will probably be in Australia two or three years.
You ought to visit Australia.
Tom will go back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
You should move to Australia.
Tom went to live with his older brother in Australia.
We came to Australia together.
Tom went to Australia and stayed there until he died.
We can't go back to Australia.
Tom was killed in a car crash last year in Australia.
We go to Australia every year.
Tom was in Australia visiting his parents last month.
We met last year in Australia.
Tom is going to be arriving here soon from Australia.
We really did go to Australia.
You didn't know Tom was going to Australia, did you?
We regret coming to Australia.
When Tom was in kindergarten, he lived in Australia.
We visited Australia together.
We're not going to let Tom go to Australia with you.
We went to Australia by plane.
Tom will probably get back from Australia on Monday.
We went to Australia together.
Tom will live in Australia for at least three years.
We were in Australia together.
Tom went to Australia to live with his grandparents.
We were together in Australia.
Tom went back to Australia in order to be with Mary.
We're going back to Australia.
Why did you decide not to go to Australia with Tom?
We're on our way to Australia.
We want to go back to Australia to visit Tom again.
We've never been to Australia.
Tom will be staying in Australia for several weeks.
What brought you to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia until the end of the week.
What did you buy in Australia?
Tom was working in Australia up until last October.
Tom was thirteen when he moved here from Australia.
What's happening in Australia?
Tom is going to be leaving for Australia next week.
When will you be in Australia?
You realize Tom lives in Australia now, don't you?
Where in Australia did you go?
Tom wouldn't go to Australia if he didn't have to.
Who was in Australia with you?
Tom will be visiting Mary in Australia next month.
Why are you leaving Australia?
Tom will be staying in Australia for three months.
Why can't you go to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia for the next three weeks.
Why did you come to Australia?
Tom wasn't aware that Mary had moved to Australia.
Why don't you go to Australia?
Tom was in Australia last week on a business trip.
Why should we go to Australia?
When was it that Tom went to Australia with Mary?
You like Australia, don't you?
When did you find out Tom had moved to Australia?
Let's get married in Australia.
Weren't you supposed to go to Australia with Tom?
We both were born in Australia.
Tomorrow morning Tom and I are leaving Australia.
We can't come to Australia now.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all from Australia.
We should be in Australia soon.
Tom wondered who Mary had gone to Australia with.
We visited Australia last year.
Tom will be flying back to Australia on the 20th.
We want you to go to Australia.
Tom went to see Mary when she lived in Australia.
We went to Australia last year.
Tom wasn't supposed to go to Australia with Mary.
We were in Australia last week.
Tom was living in Australia when I first met him.
We were in Australia last year.
You want to go to Australia with Tom, don't you?
We'll miss living in Australia.
You plan to go to Australia with Tom, don't you?
We're both moving to Australia.
When was it that you went to Australia with Tom?
We're going to visit Australia.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live in Australia.
We've both worked in Australia.
Tom's whole family is now in Australia with him.
We've never lived in Australia.
Tom would've wanted to go to Australia with you.
What do you think of Australia?
Tom worked in Australia until his death in 2013.
What're you doing in Australia?
Tom will be coming back to Australia in October.
When did you move to Australia?
Tom went to a conference in Australia last week.
When did you work in Australia?
Tom was supposed to visit Australia last summer.
Who did you visit in Australia?
Tom was only in Australia for a couple of weeks.
Who went to Australia with you?
Tom started talking about his trip to Australia.
Why are we moving to Australia?
Tom and Mary got married and moved to Australia.
Why are you still in Australia?
Why did you let Tom go to Australia by himself?
Why didn't you go to Australia?
Who's the person Tom went to Australia to help?
Why didn't you visit Australia?
We all know that Tom used to live in Australia.
Why should I come to Australia?
Tom's three sons are still living in Australia.
Why should I stay in Australia?
Tom wrote a letter to his brother in Australia.
You can't do that in Australia.
Tom wished he were with Mary back in Australia.
You're going to love Australia.
Tom will go to Australia on business next week.
We both want to go to Australia.
Tom will be staying in Australia until October.
We just got back from Australia.
Tom will be leaving Australia tomorrow morning.
We should visit Australia again.
Tom will be in Australia next week on business.
We want to go back to Australia.
Tom will be in Australia by this time tomorrow.
We went to Australia last month.
Tom will be flying back to Australia on Monday.
We've agreed to go to Australia.
Tom went to Australia the day before yesterday.
We've always lived in Australia.
Tom was still in Australia this time last year.
Were you in Australia last year?
Why were Tom and Mary in Australia last month?
What are you doing in Australia?
Who did Tom plan on staying with in Australia?
When are you going to Australia?
Were both Tom and Mary in Australia last week?
When will you come to Australia?
Were Tom and Mary both in Australia last week?
Where in Australia did you live?
We should try to get Tom to come to Australia.
Who'll be in Australia with you?
Tom would've gone to Australia if he could've.
Who'll go to Australia with you?
Tom worked in Australia for about three years.
Why are you coming to Australia?
Tom wondered why Mary had stayed in Australia.
Why are you moving to Australia?
Tom wondered what Mary was doing in Australia.
Why aren't you in Australia now?
Tom will visit Australia this summer for sure.
Why did you not go to Australia?
Tom will stay in Australia with us next month.
Why don't you come to Australia?
Tom will probably never go to Australia again.
You have to leave Australia now.
Tom will probably be in Australia next Monday.
You should've gone to Australia.
Tom will go to Australia the month after next.
You should've visited Australia.
Tom went to Australia to promote his new book.
We don't have to go to Australia.
Tom went to Australia the day after Christmas.
We don't need to go to Australia.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia with Mary.
We don't want to go to Australia.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia last week.
We have plans to go to Australia.
Tom was my neighbor when I lived in Australia.
We have plans to visit Australia.
Tom was murdered in Australia three years ago.
We haven't been to Australia yet.
When was the last time Tom came to Australia?
We haven't visited Australia yet.
We went to Australia last month to visit Tom.
We hope you visit Australia soon.
Tom's family lived in Australia at that time.
We really should visit Australia.
Tom would be in Australia now if he could be.
We shouldn't be in Australia now.
Tom works for a trading company in Australia.
We shouldn't have left Australia.
Tom won't be going back to Australia with us.
We were in Australia last spring.
Tom won't be coming to Australia this summer.
We were in Australia last summer.
Tom wished he could stay in Australia longer.
We'll be in Australia next month.
Tom will stay in Australia for several weeks.
We're going to move to Australia.
Tom will get back from Australia next Monday.
We're trying to get to Australia.
Tom will be in Australia the week after next.
We've decided to leave Australia.
Tom will be back in Australia tomorrow night.
We've decided to visit Australia.
Tom went to Australia to attend a conference.
Were you in Australia in October?
Tom went to Australia on business last month.
What did you go to Australia for?
Why would Tom decide not to go to Australia?
What time is it in Australia now?
Who did Tom say went to Australia with Mary?
What time is it now in Australia?
Who did Tom plan on going to Australia with?
What were you doing in Australia?
When was the last time Tom was in Australia?
What's there to see in Australia?
Tom won't need to go to Australia this year.
When are you coming to Australia?
Tom won't have to go to Australia this year.
Who did you go to Australia with?
Tom won't come to Australia until next week.
Why do I have to be in Australia?
Tom won't be staying in Australia very long.
Why do I have to go to Australia?
Tom will visit Mary in Australia next month.
Why do I need to be in Australia?
Tom will probably go to Australia next week.
Why do I need to go to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia all week, won't he?
Why shouldn't we be in Australia?
Tom will be back from Australia next Monday.
Why shouldn't we go to Australia?
Tom went to Australia to buy some paintings.
You can't buy these in Australia.
Tom went to Australia three times last year.
You could've stayed in Australia.
Tom went to Australia on important business.
You have to go back to Australia.
Tom was thirteen when he moved to Australia.
You should have fun in Australia.
You should've stayed in Australia with Tom.
We want to come back to Australia.
Would you like to go to Australia with Tom?
We wanted to go back to Australia.
Will Tom still be in Australia next Monday?
We weren't in Australia last year.
Will Tom really stay in Australia all year?
We'll never go to Australia again.
Why would Tom ever want to go to Australia?
We're fortunate here in Australia.
Why isn't Tom coming to Australia with you?
We've arrived safely in Australia.
Who did Tom say went to Australia with him?
Were you in Australia last summer?
Who did Tom plan to stay with in Australia?
What brings you back to Australia?
What was Tom doing in Australia last month?
What food is Australia famous for?
Tom would like to buy a house in Australia.
What's happening in Australia now?
Tom won't likely be in Australia this year.
When will we go back to Australia?
Tom won't go to Australia with us, will he?
When will you leave for Australia?
Tom will move back to Australia in October.
Who else do you know in Australia?
Tom will likely be in Australia in October.
Who else in Australia do you know?
Tom will have to go to Australia next year.
Who's going to Australia with you?
Tom will be working in Australia next year.
Why can't we go to Australia, too?
Tom went to visit his brother in Australia.
Why do we have to be in Australia?
Tom went to a boarding school in Australia.
Why do we have to go to Australia?
Tom went to Australia for a family reunion.
Why do we need to be in Australia?
Tom was the reason Mary moved to Australia.
Why do we need to go to Australia?
Tom was in Australia last month, wasn't he?
Why do you hate Australia so much?
Tom drowned while skin diving in Australia.
It took Tom three days to get to Australia.
Why shouldn't I come to Australia?
You didn't tell me Tom moved to Australia.
Why shouldn't I stay in Australia?
Why didn't Tom come to Australia with you?
Would you like to go to Australia?
Why did Tom decide not to go to Australia?
You really should visit Australia.
Who does Tom want to go to Australia with?
You should come back to Australia.
What were Tom and Mary doing in Australia?
You should've stayed in Australia.
We can't even be sure Tom is in Australia.
You talk about Australia too much.
Tom worked in Australia from to 2013.
You went to Australia, didn't you?
Tom wondered what Australia would be like.
You're from Australia, aren't you?
Tom will meet Mary somewhere in Australia.
You've been in Australia too long.
Tom will be moving to Australia next week.
We can't live in Australia anymore.
Tom will be going to Australia in October.
We moved to Australia last October.
Tom will be back from Australia next week.
We never wanted to leave Australia.
Tom went to Australia in order to do that.
We should go to Australia together.
You should go to Australia and visit Tom.
We should've left Australia sooner.
Why wouldn't you let Tom go to Australia?
We're flying to Australia tomorrow.
Why isn't Tom going to Australia with us?
We're getting married in Australia.
Why is Tom planning to move to Australia?
We're planning a trip to Australia.
Who did Tom want to go to Australia with?
We've been to Australia many times.
Who did Tom plan to go to Australia with?
Were you in Australia last October?
What'll Tom do when he gets to Australia?
When did you return from Australia?
What were you and Tom doing in Australia?
When will you go to Australia next?
Were you in Australia with Tom last month?
Who asked you to come to Australia?
Were both Tom and Mary born in Australia?
Who else will you see in Australia?
Were Tom and Mary both born in Australia?
Why do you have to go to Australia?
Tom, Mary and John all live in Australia.
Why do you need to go to Australia?
Tom's three sons still live in Australia.
Why do you want to go to Australia?
Tom hopes to live in Australia someday.
Why do you want to leave Australia?
Tom wished he could go back to Australia.
Why don't you go back to Australia?
Tom will stay in Australia until October.
You should go to Australia with me.
Tom will be relocating to Australia soon.
Both of us have worked in Australia.
Tom will be leaving Australia next month.
We didn't go to Australia last year.
Tom will be in Australia for three weeks.
We just came to Australia last week.
Tom will be going back to Australia soon.
We raised our children in Australia.
Tom will be back from Australia tomorrow.
We shouldn't have come to Australia.
Tom went to visit relatives in Australia.
We spent time together in Australia.
Tom went to Australia without telling us.
We were just in Australia last week.
Tom went to Australia to visit his uncle.
We were unable to stay in Australia.
Tom went to Australia to study geography.
We weren't in Australia last summer.
Why doesn't Tom want to go to Australia?
We'll go back to Australia together.
Why doesn't Tom have to go to Australia?
We're flying to Australia on Monday.
Why didn't you go to Australia with Tom?
We're going to go to Australia next.
Why did Tom not want to go to Australia?
We're leaving Australia next Monday.
When is Tom planning to go to Australia?
We're moving to Australia in a year.
What part of Australia does Tom live in?
We're moving to Australia next year.
Wasn't Tom just in Australia last month?
We've visited Australia a few times.
Tom's parents were married in Australia.
What are you going to Australia for?
Tom's family moved to Australia in 2013.
What do you dislike about Australia?
Tom won't go to Australia until October.
What do you want to do in Australia?
Tom won't come to Australia this summer.
What's Australia like in the summer?
Tom won't be going to Australia with us.
What's Australia like in the winter?
Tom will do that in Australia next year.
When are we going back to Australia?
Tom went to Australia to visit a friend.
Who did you go to visit in Australia?
Tom went to Australia to look for a job.
Who else came to Australia with you?
Tom went back to Australia after a year.
Who else went to Australia with you?
Tom was in Australia for several months.
Why did you have to go to Australia?
Why does Tom want to stay in Australia?
Why did you need to go to Australia?
Why didn't Tom want to go to Australia?
Why did you want to go to Australia?
Why didn't Tom need to go to Australia?
Why do you like living in Australia?
Why didn't Tom have to go to Australia?
Will you be in Australia in October?
Why can't Tom go to Australia with you?
Would you like to live in Australia?
When was it that Tom went to Australia?
Wouldn't you rather be in Australia?
You can't come to Australia with me.
When I was in Australia, I visited Tom.
You don't have to move to Australia.
What was Tom doing in Australia anyway?
We could go to Australia next spring.
We need to go to Australia to help Tom.
We had a wonderful time in Australia.
Tom's parents got married in Australia.
We just visited Australia last month.
Tom wouldn't go to Australia with Mary.
We never should've gone to Australia.
Tom will come to Australia this summer.
We never should've visited Australia.
Tom will be going to Australia with me.
We won't stay in Australia very long.
Tom went to Australia with his parents.
We'll have a great time in Australia.
Tom went to Australia to look for Mary.
We're going to Australia for a month.
Tom went to Australia three months ago.
What are you doing here in Australia?
Tom was working in Australia last year.
What can you tell us about Australia?
Tom was thinking of going to Australia.
What do you want to see in Australia?
Will Tom stay in Australia all summer?
What was your time in Australia like?
Why should I go to Australia with Tom?
What's the weather like in Australia?
Why didn't Tom just stay in Australia?
When did you get back from Australia?
When will Tom get back from Australia?
When will you be coming to Australia?
When did you go to Australia with Tom?
Where in Australia do you want to go?
When did Tom come back from Australia?
Why can't I go to Australia with you?
Tom's last year in Australia was 2013.
Why would we want to go to Australia?
Tom's brothers are still in Australia.
Will you be in Australia for a while?
Tom won't be in Australia much longer.
You grew up in Australia, didn't you?
Tom went to Australia to see Mary.
You often go to Australia, don't you?
Tom went to a university in Australia.
You should come to Australia with me.
Tom went to Australia three years ago.
We don't want to go back to Australia.
Tom went to Australia late last month.
We go to Australia as often as we can.
Tom was living in Australia last year.
We moved to Australia three years ago.
Tom was in Australia, but Mary wasn't.
We should go to Australia next spring.
Tom was in Australia three months ago.
We should visit Australia next spring.
Tom was in Australia for three months.
We talked a long time about Australia.
Tom doesn't work in Australia anymore.
We'll still be in Australia on Monday.
Will Tom live in Australia next year?
We're having a nice time in Australia.
Will Tom go to Australia next summer?
We're not living in Australia anymore.
Why does Tom want to go to Australia?
Were you in Australia for a long time?
Why does Tom need to go to Australia?
What are you going to do in Australia?
Why does Tom have to go to Australia?
What do you like most about Australia?
Why aren't you in Australia with Tom?
When are you coming back to Australia?
When is Tom going to go to Australia?
When are you flying back to Australia?
When did Tom get back from Australia?
When do you plan to come to Australia?
Tom wished he were back in Australia.
Who do you plan to visit in Australia?
Tom will work in Australia next year.
Why do so many people visit Australia?
Tom will go to Australia to see Mary.
Why don't you want to go to Australia?
Tom will go to Australia next summer.
Why would you want to go to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia next summer.
Would you want to be in Australia now?
Tom went to Australia three days ago.
You never should've gone to Australia.
Tom went to Australia just last week.
You've been in Australia way too long.
Tom went back to Australia yesterday.
You've been to Australia, haven't you?
Tom went back to Australia last week.
Was your father born in Australia, too?
Tom was very successful in Australia.
We moved to Australia when I was three.
Tom was invited to Australia by Mary.
We plan to visit Australia next spring.
Tom was in Australia three weeks ago.
We plan to be in Australia all summer.
Tom was in Australia for three years.
We really have to go back to Australia.
Tom is living in Australia, isn't he?
We should stay in Australia all summer.
Tom is back from Australia, isn't he?
We stayed in Australia for a few weeks.
Why was Tom in Australia last month?
We stayed in Australia for three weeks.
Why did Tom want to go to Australia?
We'll be in Australia for three months.
Why did Tom need to go to Australia?
We'll be moving to Australia in a year.
Why did Tom have to go to Australia?
We'll be moving to Australia next year.
Who else went to Australia with Tom?
We're actually on our way to Australia.
When is Tom going back to Australia?
We're going back to Australia next week.
We're going to Australia to see Tom.
We've spent a lot of time in Australia.
Tom's going to Australia in October.
What do people do for fun in Australia?
Tom will never go back to Australia.
When was it that you went to Australia?
Tom will leave Australia next month.
Why didn't you have to go to Australia?
Tom will go to Australia next month.
Why didn't you need to go to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia for a week.
Why didn't you want to go to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia all summer.
Why were you in Australia last October?
Tom will be going to Australia soon.
You have to go to Australia next month.
Tom went to visit Mary in Australia.
You really should've visited Australia.
Tom went to Australia with a friend.
You said you'd go to Australia with me.
Tom went to Australia to visit Mary.
You seem to know a lot about Australia.
Tom went to Australia for a funeral.
You still don't like Australia, do you?
Tom was supposed to go to Australia.
You're both from Australia, aren't you?
Tom was living in Australia in 2013.
We have to cancel our trip to Australia.
Tom was just in Australia last week.
We should've stayed in Australia longer.
Tom was in Australia all last month.
We stayed in Australia for about a week.
Tom is going to Australia, isn't he?
We're the only ones here from Australia.
Will Tom be in Australia next year?
What do you do when you visit Australia?
When did Tom return from Australia?
What do you do when you're in Australia?
We should be in Australia with Tom.
What made you want to move to Australia?
We didn't go to Australia with Tom.
What's the best way to get to Australia?
Wasn't Tom in Australia last month?
When do you plan to return to Australia?
Tom's father was born in Australia.
Who do you plan to go to Australia with?
Tom's family liked it in Australia.
Who do you want to go to Australia with?
Tom will be in Australia next month.
Who will you be going to Australia with?
Tom will go to Australia with Mary.
Why can't I go to Australia next summer?
Tom will go to Australia next year.
Why do you want to go back to Australia?
Tom will be in Australia next year.
Why don't you want to live in Australia?
Tom was offered a job in Australia.
Why would you want to live in Australia?
Will you go to Australia with Tom?
You need to be in Australia next Monday.
Why shouldn't Tom go to Australia?
You should consider moving to Australia.
Why shouldn't Tom be in Australia?
We can visit Australia, too, if you want.
Why are Tom and Mary in Australia?
We returned to Australia on October 20th.
Who's Tom going to Australia with?
We should've gone to Australia last year.
Who told you Tom was in Australia?
We spent about three months in Australia.
When will Tom leave for Australia?
We'll come to Australia for your wedding.
What'll Tom be doing in Australia?
We'll probably go to Australia next year.
What happened to Tom in Australia?
We're flying back to Australia on Monday.
We went to Australia to visit Tom.
We're going to be in Australia all month.
Wasn't Tom in Australia last year?
We're leaving Australia tomorrow morning.
Was Tom in Australia at that time?
We've lived in Australia for a long time.
Tom wouldn't like it in Australia.
What are you planning to do in Australia?
Tom will love living in Australia.
What do you want to know about Australia?
Tom will go to Australia, I think.
What's the tallest building in Australia?
Tom will be in Australia all week.
What's the weather like in Australia now?
Tom went to see Mary in Australia.
When is the best time to visit Australia?
Tom went to Australia on business.
Which part of Australia are you going to?
Tom went to Australia last winter.
Why didn't you go to Australia last year?
Tom went to Australia a month ago.
Why haven't you been to Australia lately?
Tom wasn't in Australia last year.
You have to go back to Australia with us.
Will you let Tom go to Australia?
You never told us why you left Australia.
Will Tom go to Australia with us?
You should come to visit us in Australia.
Why should Tom stay in Australia?
You should've refused to go to Australia.
Why isn't Tom going to Australia?
You should've stayed in Australia longer.
Who did Tom go to Australia with?
You'll come back to Australia eventually.
When did Tom leave for Australia?
You've been living in Australia too long.
What did Tom go to Australia for?
You've never been to Australia, have you?
We weren't in Australia with Tom.
We both were in Australia all last summer.
Wasn't Tom in Australia with you?
We don't do things like that in Australia.
Tom won't likely visit Australia.
We never made it to Australia last summer.
Tom won't likely go to Australia.
We never really wanted to go to Australia.
Tom will visit Mary in Australia.
We never really wanted to leave Australia.
Tom will love being in Australia.
We want you to go to Australia next month.
Tom will like being in Australia.
We weren't even in Australia at that time.
Tom will go to Australia with me.
We'll be in Australia for just a few days.
Tom went to college in Australia.
We'll be in Australia for three more days.
Tom went to Australia, didn't he?
We're going back to Australia this summer.
Tom went to Australia to do that.
We're going to be in Australia next month.
Tom went to Australia last month.
We're going to go to Australia in October.
Tom went to Australia for a week.
We've been in Australia for quite a while.
Tom went to Australia by himself.
What do you miss the most about Australia?
Tom went to Australia a year ago.
Where else in Australia do you want to go?
Tom went to Australia a week ago.
Why don't we all go to Australia together?
Tom was in Australia last summer.
Why shouldn't I go to Australia by myself?
Tom was in Australia at the time.
Will you go to Australia next summer, too?
Tom said you'd gone to Australia.
Would you like to go to Australia with me?
Will Tom really go to Australia?
Would you like to go to Australia with us?
Why would Tom come to Australia?
You and I should go to Australia together.
Why did Tom not go to Australia?
You don't want to go to Australia, do you?
Who'll go to Australia with Tom?
You know I can't go to Australia with you.
Who told Tom to go to Australia?
You used to live in Australia, didn't you?
When will Tom come to Australia?
We have to get back to Australia on Monday.
What was Tom doing in Australia?
We only stayed in Australia for three days.
Tom's parents live in Australia.
We really should be in Australia right now.
Tom's family moved to Australia.
We stayed an extra three days in Australia.
Tom went with Mary to Australia.
We stayed in Australia for just three days.
Tom went to Australia with Mary.
We're all going back to Australia together.
Tom went to Australia on Monday.
We're expected back in Australia on Monday.
Tom went to Australia last week.
We're flying back to Australia on the 20th.
Tom was very happy in Australia.
We're going to stay in Australia all month.
Tom was in Australia last month.
We're thinking of moving back to Australia.
Tom was in Australia in October.
What do you mean you're going to Australia?
Tom was in Australia a year ago.
What were you doing in Australia last week?
You might see Tom in Australia.
Why were you living in Australia last year?
Why's Tom staying in Australia?
You know I can't be in Australia next week.
Why should Tom visit Australia?
You may have to go to Australia next month.
Why should Tom go to Australia?
You may need to go to Australia next month.
Why is Tom coming to Australia?
You should really visit Australia sometime.
Why doesn't Tom like Australia?
You were in Australia in 2013, weren't you?
Why didn't Tom visit Australia?
You're the only person I know in Australia.
Why didn't Tom go to Australia?
We happened to be in Australia at that time.
Who went to Australia with Tom?
We haven't been to Australia in a long time.
Who did Tom visit in Australia?
We never really wanted to live in Australia.
When is Tom going to Australia?
We should go to Australia as soon as we can.
When did Tom move to Australia?
We won't be going to Australia anytime soon.
When did Tom live in Australia?
We're hoping to visit Australia this summer.
When did Tom come to Australia?
We're not the only ones here from Australia.
Were you in Australia with Tom?
We've decided to go to Australia in October.
Was Tom in Australia last year?
Were both of your parents born in Australia?
Tom won't like it in Australia.
What was your first impression of Australia?
Tom won't go back to Australia.
When will you be coming back from Australia?
Tom will never leave Australia.
Would you go back to Australia if you could?
Tom went to Australia for work.
You don't want to be in Australia right now.
Tom was in Australia that year.
You're not the only one here from Australia.
Tom was in Australia last week.
We got to Australia the day before yesterday.
Why's Tom coming to Australia?
We haven't been back to Australia since then.
Why won't Tom go to Australia?
We haven't done that since we left Australia.
Why is Tom still in Australia?
What did you see while you were in Australia?
Why is Tom going to Australia?
What else would you like to see in Australia?
Why did Tom stay in Australia?
Where else in Australia do you want to visit?
Why did Tom come to Australia?
Which one of your children went to Australia?
When will Tom leave Australia?
Why am I being asked to go back to Australia?
When will Tom go to Australia?
Why didn't you come to Australia last summer?
What's Tom up to in Australia?
Why do you need to go to Australia next week?
What's Tom doing in Australia?
Why in the world would you want to go Australia?
What was Tom in Australia for?
Why would I want to go to Australia with you?
What did Tom buy in Australia?
You aren't moving back to Australia, are you?
Tom will visit Australia soon.
You haven't ever been to Australia, have you?
Tom will love it in Australia.
You might have to go to Australia next month.
Tom went to Australia with me.
You might need to go to Australia next month.
Tom went to Australia in 2013.
You were in Australia last year, weren't you?
Why's Tom going to Australia?
You weren't in Australia last year, were you?
When did Tom leave Australia?
You're not moving back to Australia, are you?
When did Tom go to Australia?
You've been to Australia before, haven't you?
We knew Tom was in Australia.
You've chosen a good time to visit Australia.
Tom won't drive to Boston by himself.
Tell me about the time you spent in Australia.
Tom wasn't born in Australia.
We don't have enough money to go to Australia.
Tom was in Australia in 2013.
We should've stayed in Australia until Monday.
Why does Tom like Australia?
We shouldn't have stayed in Australia so long.
Why did Tom leave Australia?
We went to Australia together three years ago.
Why did Tom go to Australia?
We'll be in Australia for another three weeks.
Who's in Australia with Tom?
When are you going to get back from Australia?
Tom wouldn't like Australia.
Where did you live before moving to Australia?
Tom went to Australia alone.
Who do you intend to travel to Australia with?
Tom was raised in Australia.
Would you like me to tell you about Australia?
Tom went to Australia once.
You can stay in Australia as long as you like.
Tom went home to Australia.
You haven't ever lived in Australia, have you?
When was Tom in Australia?
You're the one I want to go to Australia with.
Welcome to Australia, Tom.
We probably won't be in Australia until Monday.
Was Tom born in Australia?
We try to go to Australia at least once a year.
Tom won't visit Australia.
We won't be staying in Australia for very long.
Tom won't leave Australia.
We've been living in Australia for a long time.
Tom won't go to Australia.
Wouldn't it be fun to visit Australia together?
Tom was in Australia then.
You should stay in Australia for another month.
Why was Tom in Australia?
You won't find very many of these in Australia.
Why is Tom in Australia?
You've worked in Australia before, haven't you?
Tom will love Australia.
We don't go to Australia as often as we used to.
Tom wasn't in Australia.
We don't live in Australia. We're just visiting.
Tom works in Australia.
We hope that you'll be in Australia next spring.
Was Tom in Australia?
We lived in Boston before we moved to Australia.
Sami will leave you alone from now on.
Sami didn't talk to Layla.
Sami didn't talk to Layla's friends.
Sami doesn't hate Layla.
Sami wanted to apologize.
Sami wants to apologize.
Sami asked you this last week.
Sami touched Layla's ass.
Sami was not OK with that.
Sami wasn't OK with that.
Sami made a comment on that video.
Sami cares.
Sami did another video about that.
Sami was sexually harassed.
Sami touched that girl's ass.
Sami doesn't know who that girl is.
Sami doesn't want to be touched.
Sami met Layla last summer.
Sami bought a new camera.
Sami is Layla's fianc.
Sami says the opposite.
Sami doesn't know what Walmart is.
Sami is looking at me.
Sami is staring at me.
Sami didn't recognize me.
Sami said nothing to me.
Sami assumed Layla knew who he was.
Sami told me the story.
Sami and Layla went to Walmart.
Sami was pushing the cart.
Sami married a black woman.
Sami has got big teeth.
Sami saw the woman.
Sami saw that woman.
Sami was listening to the conversation.
Sami was following us.
Sami and Layla were done shopping.
Sami and Layla were standing in a line.
Sami was standing in front of the McDonald's.
Sami doesn't know this bitch.
Sami is just watching us.
Sami is staring at us.
Sami doesn't know this woman.
Sami doesn't know who this bitch is.
Sami doesn't know who that woman is.
Sami was playing with Layla's hair.
Layla was playing with her hair.
Sami was walking up to us.
Sami is taller than me.
Sami walked up to us and greeted us.
Sami is over here.
Sami is secure with himself.
Layla was secure with her boyfriend.
Sami doesn't need to tell you.
Sami has never seen this girl in his life.
Sami was just very confused.
Sami was just confused.
Sami approached the girl.
Sami is not a normal person.
Sami isn't a normal person.
Sami watched some of Layla's videos.
Layla has big boobs, too.
Layla has big boobs.
Sami saw Layla's nipples.
Sami enjoyed it.
Sami is like celebrity.
Sami won't trust me.
Sami can't even sell it.
Sami knows Layla's mom.
Sami is going to regret it.
Sami was just taking pictures.
Sami took a selfie.
Sami made Layla very uncomfortable.
Sami was staring at Layla's big boobs.
Sami is a YouTuber.
Sami doesn't even consider himself as a YouTuber.
Sami talked exactly like this.
Sami lives in this area.
Sami ate cheese by itself.
Sami and Layla have been talking for a long time.
Sami and Layla talked for twenty minutes.
Sami has never felt so awful in his entire life.
Sami was bothering Layla.
Sami wasn't bothered.
Sami was not bothered.
Sami looked like he was bothered.
Sami approched me and Layla and greeted us.
Sami is looking at Layla's pants.
Sami was looking at Layla's body.
Sami wanted Layla to go.
Sami and Layla had a beautiful conversation.
Sami doesn't want to leave.
Sami won't leave.
Sami will not leave.
Sami loves talking to Layla.
Sami loves talking to you.
Sami made me so uncomfortable.
Sami has never made me feel that way.
Sami was walking with her.
Sami was walking with Layla.
Sami left Walmart ten minutes ago.
Sami messaged me.
Sami wasn't too nice to Layla.
Sami was not too nice to Layla.
Sami didn't appreciate that.
Sami talked to Layla sexually.
Sami finds that weird.
Sami went back there.
Sami sent a new message.
Sami watches Layla's videos.
Layla's manners are so cute.
Sami is not a real human.
Sami isn't part of Layla's love life.
Sami is not familiar with that.
Sami isn't familiar with that.
Sami doesn't know what Layla does.
Sami felt comfortable doing that.
Sami made some money.
Sami also does porn.
Sami was doing amateur porn.
Sami is an amateur porn star.
Sami uploaded the video six hours ago.
Sami was watching the video.
Sami was talking about me.
Sami realized that Layla was talking about him.
Sami's song was horrible.
Sami is watching the video.
Sami was on his bed, naked.
Layla's boobs were covered.
Layla was twerking her ass.
Layla was on the floor, twerking her ass.
Sami had money.
Layla is much prettier than Salima.
Sami treated Layla nice.
Sami was right there.
Sami was watching you.
Sami was there, too.
Sami was filming Layla.
Sami was eying me down.
Layla was prettier than Salima.
Sami made a YouTube video.
Sami is better than Farid.
Sami didn't say Layla's name in the video.
Sami watched this video.
Sami is weird.
Sami is very abnormal.
Sami is crazy.
Sami is delusional.
Sami has no friends.
Sami talks to everyone.
Sami views himself as better than anybody else.
Sami made a video.
Sami seemed very rude.
Layla was playing with her tits.
Sami told her everything.
Sami told Layla everything.
Sami messaged Layla on Instagram.
Sami decided to set up a YouTube channel.
Sami sent Layla a link.
Sami lied to me.
Sami is done here.
Sami is a weird person.
Sami kept talking.
Sami just kept talking.
Sami is not afraid.
Sami needs to do this.
Sami promised to watch the video.
Sami just came back.
Sami used to work at Walmart.
Sami kept yelling.
Sami doesn't like you.
Sami talked to his manager.
Sami took his job way too seriously.
Sami took his job too seriously.
Sami needs to relax.
Sami was so happy.
Sami was a manager at Walmart.
Sami went to Walmart.
Sami got a 60-dollar paycheck.
Sami needs to eat.
Sami goes to work every single day.
Sami is not late.
Sami isn't late.
Sami needs me.
Sami needs Layla.
Sami called his boss.
Sami always answers his phone.
Sami wanted to speak to Layla.
Sami knows that Layla is lying.
Sami doesn't like anybody.
Sami is talking to Layla.
Sami needs to find some other excuse.
Sami doesn't know what aspirin is.
Sami needs an excuse.
Sami called and Layla answered the phone.
Sami needs to watch his grandfather.
Sami won't be able to make it.
Sami will not be able to make it.
Sami has no problem with me.
Sami doesn't have any problem with me.
Sami drank some liquor.
Sami got dressed.
Sami bought some liquor.
Sami got Layla a bottle of vodka.
Sami used to like vodka.
Sami and Layla sat down and talked.
Sami tried to make Layla feel better.
Sami finished a quarter of the bottle.
Sami and Layla are young.
Sami's heart is very healthy.
Sami wanted to chase the liquor with some juice.
Sami drank vodka.
Sami wanted to drink vodka.
Sami turned around and saw Layla.
Sami is at Walmart.
Sami has to watch his grandfather.
Sami can't be left alone.
Sami's grandfather is dead.
Sami is shopping.
Sami drove back home.
Sami was sitting in the car.
Sami lied to his manager.
Sami lied to his boss.
Sami told his manager.
Sami went to get his grandfather's medicine.
Sami doesn't know where she is.
Sami was walking to the cash register.
Sami didn't see his manager.
Sami was leaving to go outside.
Sami was purchasing some juices.
Sami went down.
Sami just went down.
Sami was sitting on a bench.
Sami is waiting for a taxi.
Sami called a taxi.
Sami called a cab.
Sami was drunk.
Sami is drunk.
Sami can see me.
Sami doesn't want Layla to know that Farid is his friend.
Sami doesn't know Layla's boss.
Sami needs something.
Sami's manager is right there.
Sami needs to find a new job.
Sami is sitting on a bench over there.
Sami was watching me.
Sami saw Layla looking at him.
Sami and Layla sat on different benches.
Sami didn't speak.
Sami is really stupid.
Sami is not here for that.
Sami was actually pissed.
Sami couldn't believe it.
Sami went back to the parking lot.
Sami got tipsy.
Sami finished a whole bottle of vodka.
Sami broke the seal of the bottle, opened it and started drinking.
Sami never saw this.
Sami isn't old enough.
Sami wasn't born yesterday.
Sami doesn't do this anymore.
Sami wanted to take perfect pictures.
Sami posted many pictures on Facebook.
Sami's manager went to jail.
Sami was posing stupid poses.
Sami posted some sixty pictures on his Facebook that day.
Layla is still with the same guy.
Sami wasn't concerned.
Sami is not concerned.
Sami isn't concerned.
Sami was not concerned.
Sami goes to work.
Sami's manager called him.
Sami was waiting to talk to me.
Sami got fired.
Sami is getting fired.
Sami will be fired.
Sami sat his ass down.
Sami was fired.
Sami was listening to them.
Sami had to watch his grandfather.
Sami gave Layla an opportunity to tell him the truth.
Sami was in the car, waiting for me.
Sami watched his grandfather for the rest of the day.
Sami did this.
Layla is a girl.
Sami doesn't want to ruin Layla's day.
Sami told us the truth.
Sami can't trust Layla.
Sami is still lying.
Sami went to get some juice.
Sami knew that Layla was lying.
Sami showed Layla pictures of her and her lover.
Sami was getting drunk in the park.
Sami showed Layla some old pictures.
Sami uploaded the pictures yesterday.
Sami wore this yesterday.
Sami doesn't have anything to do with this.
Sami was a little bit concerned.
Sami was on Layla's contact list.
Sami was drinking with his friend.
Sami was watching his grandfather.
Sami caught Layla drinking.
Sami told me the truth.
Sami gave Layla a side eye.
Sami asked Layla.
Sami got caught drinking by the boss.
Sami was drinking in the bathroom.
Sami was smoking dope.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is talking about.
Sami was telling other people that he saw Layla smoking weed.
Sami was smoking weed.
Sami looked a little bit woozy.
Sami looked woozy because he had been drinking.
Sami doesn't know the half of it.
Sami is talking shit about Layla.
Sami is talking shit about his co-workers.
Sami made this story up out of thin air.
Sami made it up out of thin air.
Sami is there, too.
Sami saw Layla smoking.
Sami saw pictures of Layla smoking.
Sami apologized to Layla in front of the managers.
Sami wanted to apologize to Layla.
Sami got caught smoking weed.
Sami's grandfather was dead.
Sami was watching Layla's video.
Sami told us his side of the story.
Sami is wearing his ring.
Sami isn't wearing his ring now.
Sami filmed the video with no studio lights.
Sami is filming another video.
Sami works at a mall.
Sami was caught drinking.
Sami and Layla work at the same mall.
Sami and Layla know each other since high school.
Sami and Layla kept in contact.
Sami's and Layla's lives have changed.
Sami has a family.
Sami was a little bit nosy.
Sami isn't interested in that girl.
Sami knew Layla's name.
Sami and Layla are just talking.
Sami looks really familiar.
Sami was Layla's cousin.
Sami was a nosy boy.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla in a really long time.
Sami has a long history of depression.
Sami talked to Layla's cousin.
Sami was dating another girl.
Sami approached that girl.
Sami turned off his camera.
Sami put the camera in his pocket.
Sami and Layla broke up.
Sami called Layla and she didn't answer.
Sami called Layla, but she didn't answer.
Sami will never talk to Layla again.
Sami was about to leave.
Sami was looking at it.
Sami gave Layla six dollars.
Sami was looking at that dress.
Sami was in the change room.
Sami was looking at me like I was crazy.
Sami and Layla were having a conversation.
Sami didn't want to expose Layla's ass.
Sami caught Layla cheating on Farid, but he didn't want to expose her ass.
Sami and Layla are having a conversation.
Sami likes Layla's makeup.
Sami bought Layla some more clothes.
Sami grabbed Layla by the collar of her shirt.
Sami doesn't talk to her anymore.
Sami recorded that from a far distance.
Sami got the evidence he needed.
Sami sent the video to Layla.
The central bank of Hungary is the Magyar Nemzeti Bank.
Sami is his cousin.
Sami and Layla were not related.
Sami and Layla weren't related.
Sami was in my store.
Sami was trying to do something special for Layla.
Layla is Sami's actual girlfriend.
Sami called Layla back while he was walking to the bus stop.
Sami tried to warn Layla.
Sami told me what kind of guy he is.
Sami apologized to me.
Sami was prepared for the worst.
Sami bought clothes for Layla.
Sami is not answering his phone.
Sami isn't answering his phone.
Sami was with his cousin.
Sami always answers the phone.
Sami was guilty.
Layla is done with guys.
Sami came in the afternoon.
Sami has been stealing from the register.
Sami will never do that.
Sami would never do that.
Sami was stealing money out of the register.
Sami wanted to keep his private life separate from his work life.
Sami wanted to keep his private life private.
Sami didn't steal from the register.
Sami did an investigation.
Sami is a good dad.
Sami decided to forgive Layla.
Sami ruined our relationship.
Sami decided to go back with Layla.
Sami didn't hate Layla.
Sami was spying on me.
Sami saw me with Layla.
Sami should mind his business.
Sami is a good friend.
Sami called me one day.
Sami shouldn't call Layla again.
Sami isn't my friend anymore.
Sami called Layla six months later.
Sami is dating that girl.
Sami tried to be a good friend to Layla.
The door to language unlocked
Welcome, friendly reader!
I moved my legs.
Then to Anchises, as he bids us spread / the sails, with reverence speaks Apollo's seer, / "Far-famed Anchises, honoured with the bed / of haughty Venus, Heaven's peculiar care, / Twice saved from Troy! behold Ausonia there, / steer towards her coasts, yet skirt them; far away / that region lies, which Phoebus doth prepare. / Blest in thy son's devotion, take thy way. / Why should more words of mine the rising South delay?"
This is a plum.
This is a plum tree.
This is an apricot.
This is a peach.
This is an orange tree.
The living room is at the end of the hallway.
This is the first time that I have visited Portugal.
This is the sixth time that I have spoken of the topic.
This is the first time I've been to Portugal.
Let yourself fall without stopping your fall, fearless of the shadow's end.
The president refused to respond to that question.
A good reputation is worth its weight in gold.
There's a time to speak and a time to be silent.
The castle was constructed in the 17th century.
The smell of makeup makes my stomach turn.
Do you hear the sound of the birds?
I will go next week!
Thanks, Felipe. We wouldn't have finished the job without you.
Life without love makes no sense.
Why are there still wars in the world?
Who cut the bread?
Maybe he's afraid of seeing the results.
What time is it according to your clock?
Scream as much as you want.
On holidays there are few people in the pool.
My lover is great at cooking.
I don't like soccer, but I like watching it.
Work is very busy that I even don't have any time to relax
There's a dog close by barking.
Japanese cars' steering wheels are on the right.
She wants to do this day and night.
Run off now!
I see a cat chasing a dog.
She doesn't have anything to do with this question.
Why in the world would you want to live in Australia?
Tom used to go to Australia every winter when he was a kid.
Tom used to go to Australia every winter when he was a child.
Tom took his kids to Australia.
Tom took his children to Australia.
Tom told me you've been to Australia before.
Tom told me that you've been to Australia before.
Tom told me you're from Australia.
Tom told me that you're from Australia.
Tom told me you were still in Australia.
Tom told me that you were still in Australia.
Tom told me you were planning to go to Australia in three weeks.
Tom told me that you were planning to go to Australia in three weeks.
Tom told me you were in Australia.
Tom told me that you were in Australia.
Tom told me you went to Australia.
Tom told me that you went to Australia.
Tom told me he bought a house in Australia.
Tom told me that he bought a house in Australia.
Tom told me he checked out a book about Australia from the local library.
Tom told me that he checked out a book about Australia from the local library.
Tom told me he didn't actually want to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't actually want to go to Australia.
Tom told me he didn't have any friends in Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't have any friends in Australia.
Tom told me he didn't like living in Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't like living in Australia.
Tom told me he didn't really want to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't really want to go to Australia.
Tom told me he didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom told me he didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom told me he didn't want to move to Australia.
Tom told me that he didn't want to move to Australia.
Tom told me he first met Mary in Australia when he was a teenager.
Tom told me that he first met Mary in Australia when he was a teenager.
Tom told me he first met Mary in Australia.
Tom told me that he first met Mary in Australia.
Tom told me he found an interesting book about Australia at the local library.
Tom told me that he found an interesting book about Australia at the local library.
Tom told me he grew up in Australia.
Tom told me that he grew up in Australia.
Tom told me he intended to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom told me that he intended to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom told me he liked working in Australia.
Tom told me that he liked working in Australia.
Tom told me he likes living in Australia.
Tom told me that he likes living in Australia.
Tom told me he planned to visit Mary the next time he went to Australia.
Tom told me that he planned to visit Mary the next time he went to Australia.
Tom told me he thought Australia wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me that he thought Australia wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary was back from Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was back from Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary was in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was in Australia.
Tom told me he used to live in Australia.
Tom told me that he used to live in Australia.
Tom told me he visited Australia.
Tom told me that he visited Australia.
Tom told me he wanted to visit Mary in Australia.
Tom told me that he wanted to visit Mary in Australia.
Tom told me he wants to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he wants to go to Australia.
Tom told me he was from Australia.
Tom told me that he was from Australia.
Tom told me he was going to Australia next week.
Tom told me that he was going to Australia next week.
Tom told me he was going to Australia.
Tom told me that he was going to Australia.
Tom told me he was in Australia.
Tom told me that he was in Australia.
Tom told me he was planning to go to Australia in October.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to Australia in October.
Tom told me he was planning to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to Australia.
Tom told me he was planning to go to college in Australia.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to college in Australia.
Tom told me he was planning to move to Australia.
Tom told me that he was planning to move to Australia.
Tom told me he was thinking of going to Australia.
Tom told me that he was thinking of going to Australia.
Tom told me he wasn't going back to Australia.
Tom told me that he wasn't going back to Australia.
Tom told me he wasn't in Australia.
Tom told me that he wasn't in Australia.
Tom told me he won't be in Australia next week.
Tom told me that he won't be in Australia next week.
Tom told me he would go to Australia in October.
Tom told me that he would go to Australia in October.
Tom told me he would go to Australia.
Tom told me that he would go to Australia.
Tom told me he would never go back to Australia.
Tom told me that he would never go back to Australia.
Tom told me he wouldn't be in Australia next week.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be in Australia next week.
Tom told me he wouldn't go to Australia unless I went with him.
Tom told me that he wouldn't go to Australia unless I went with him.
Tom told me he'd be in Australia next Monday.
Tom told me that he'd be in Australia next Monday.
Tom told me he'd fly to Australia.
Tom told me that he'd fly to Australia.
Tom told me he'd go to Australia in October.
Tom told me that he'd go to Australia in October.
Tom told me he'd go to Australia.
Tom told me that he'd go to Australia.
Tom told me he'd like to visit us in Australia.
Tom told me that he'd like to visit us in Australia.
Tom told me he'd never been to Australia.
Tom told me that he'd never been to Australia.
Tom told me he'd visit Australia.
Tom told me that he'd visit Australia.
Tom told me he'll be in Australia next Monday.
Tom told me that he'll be in Australia next Monday.
Tom told me he's been living in Australia for three years.
Tom told me that he's been living in Australia for three years.
Tom told me he's miserable here in Australia without Mary.
Tom told me that he's miserable here in Australia without Mary.
Tom told me he's never been to Australia.
Tom told me that he's never been to Australia.
Tom told me his father was born in Australia.
Tom told me that his father was born in Australia.
Tom told me I should go back to Australia.
Tom told me that I should go back to Australia.
Tom told me I should go to Australia with Mary.
Tom told me that I should go to Australia with Mary.
Tom told me it would be easy to persuade Mary to go to Australia with us.
Tom told me that it would be easy to persuade Mary to go to Australia with us.
Tom told me Mary has been living in Australia for three years.
Tom told me that Mary has been living in Australia for three years.
Tom told me Mary has never been to Australia.
Tom told me that Mary has never been to Australia.
Tom told Mary he wasn't planning to stay in Australia very long.
Tom told Mary he wasn't planning on staying in Australia very long.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to stay in Australia very long.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning on staying in Australia very long.
Tom told Mary he was glad she'd come to Australia.
Tom told Mary he was glad that she'd come to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that she'd come to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was glad she'd come to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think that John was in Australia.
Tom told Mary he didn't think John was in Australia.
Tom told Mary he didn't think that John was in Australia.
Tom told Mary he didn't have many friends in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have many friends in Australia.
Tom told Mary he didn't want her to go to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want her to go to Australia.
Tom told Mary he had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom told Mary he never wanted to go back to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he never wanted to go back to Australia.
Tom told Mary he thought John had gone to Australia with Alice.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gone to Australia with Alice.
Tom told Mary he thought John was in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in Australia.
Tom told Mary he thought John wasn't in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in Australia.
Tom told Mary he used to live in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he used to live in Australia.
Tom told Mary he wanted her to stay in Australia with him.
Tom told Mary that he wanted her to stay in Australia with him.
Tom told Mary he wanted to go to Australia with her.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to go to Australia with her.
Tom told Mary he wanted to move to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to move to Australia.
Tom told Mary he wanted to stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
Tom told Mary he was going to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was going to Australia.
Tom told Mary he was going to go to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was going to go to Australia.
Tom told Mary he was going to leave Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was going to leave Australia.
Tom told Mary he was in Australia last month.
Tom told Mary that he was in Australia last month.
Tom told Mary he was in Australia last October.
Tom told Mary that he was in Australia last October.
Tom told Mary he was moving to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was moving to Australia.
Tom told Mary he was on his way to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he was on his way to Australia.
Tom told Mary he was planning on staying in Australia until October.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on staying in Australia until October.
Tom told Mary he was planning to stay in Australia until October.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to stay in Australia until October.
Tom told Mary he wasn't going to go to Australia with us.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't going to go to Australia with us.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't go to Australia with her.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't go to Australia with her.
Tom told Mary he'd be quitting his job and going back to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he'd be quitting his job and going back to Australia.
Tom told Mary he'd been lonely in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he'd been lonely in Australia.
Tom told Mary he'd been miserable in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he'd been miserable in Australia.
Tom told Mary he'd go to Australia in October.
Tom told Mary that he'd go to Australia in October.
Tom told Mary he'd had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom told Mary that he'd had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom told Mary John used to live in Australia.
Tom told Mary that John used to live in Australia.
Tom told Mary she needed to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom told Mary she should lie about who she went to Australia with.
Tom told Mary that she should lie about who she went to Australia with.
Tom told Mary she should move to Australia.
Tom told Mary that she should move to Australia.
Tom told Mary you went to Australia.
Tom told Mary that you went to Australia.
Tom told everyone that Mary was in Australia.
Tom told everybody that Mary was in Australia.
Tom told everyone Mary was in Australia.
Tom told everybody Mary was in Australia.
Tom told his friends he was going to Australia.
Tom told his friends that he was going to Australia.
Tom told everybody Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told everyone that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told everyone Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told everybody that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom thought Mary would want to know that John was planning to be in Australia next week.
Tom thought that Mary would want to know that John was planning to be in Australia next week.
Tom thinks I was in Australia last week.
Tom thinks that I was in Australia last week.
Tom thought he should go to Australia to be with Mary.
Tom thought that he should go to Australia to be with Mary.
Tom thought he'd be safe in Australia.
Tom thought that he'd be safe in Australia.
Tom thought Mary lived in Australia.
Tom thought that Mary lived in Australia.
Tom thought Mary might have to stay in Australia until three days before Christmas.
Tom thought that Mary might have to stay in Australia until three days before Christmas.
Tom thought Mary might like to go to Australia with him.
Tom thought that Mary might like to go to Australia with him.
Tom thought Mary was from Australia.
Tom thought that Mary was from Australia.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia.
Tom thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom thought Mary was moving to Australia, but he was mistaken.
Tom thought that Mary was moving to Australia, but he was mistaken.
Tom thought Mary was probably still somewhere in Australia.
Tom thought that Mary was probably still somewhere in Australia.
Tom thought Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom thought that Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom thought Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom thought that Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom thought Mary would like to go to Australia to see John.
Tom thought that Mary would like to go to Australia to see John.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like Australia.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't like Australia.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to live in Australia.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't want to live in Australia.
Tom thought you were in Australia.
Tom thought that you were in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary won't be in Australia much longer.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be in Australia much longer.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back to Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary will never come back to Australia.
Tom thinks Mary will be in Australia next weekend.
Tom thinks that Mary will be in Australia next weekend.
Tom thinks Mary will be here in Australia all week.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here in Australia all week.
Tom thinks Mary went to Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary went to Australia.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't in Australia last summer.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't in Australia last summer.
Tom thinks Mary was in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary was in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary isn't in Australia now.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't in Australia now.
Tom thinks Mary is still living in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary is still living in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary is still in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary is still in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary is in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Australia.
Tom thinks I'm in Australia now.
Tom thinks that I'm in Australia now.
Tom tells me you've been to Australia.
Tom tells me that you've been to Australia.
Tom suggested we visit Australia.
Tom suggested that we visit Australia.
Tom suggested we do that while we're here in Australia.
Tom suggested that we do that while we're here in Australia.
Tom suggested we go to Australia together.
Tom suggested that we go to Australia together.
Tom suggested I go to Australia with Mary.
Tom suggested that I go to Australia with Mary.
Tom suggested I go to Australia with him.
Tom suggested that I go to Australia with him.
Tom suggested I go with him to Australia.
Tom suggested that I go with him to Australia.
They announced they were planning to live in Australia.
They announced that they were planning to live in Australia.
There's someone I need to contact in Australia.
There's somebody I need to contact in Australia.
Are you sure don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure that don't want to go to Australia?
No one wants to go to Australia with you.
Nobody wants to go to Australia with you.
No one wants to go to Australia with us.
Nobody wants to go to Australia with us.
No one wants to go to Australia with me.
Nobody wants to go to Australia with me.
No one knows me in Australia.
Nobody knows me in Australia.
Nobody knew you were in Australia.
No one knew that you were in Australia.
No one knew you were in Australia.
Nobody knew that you were in Australia.
My grandkids live in Australia.
My grandchildren live in Australia.
Tom wanted to go to Australia with us, but Mary said she wouldn't go if he went with us.
See you in Australia.
Tom wants to know if you're planning on going to Australia with us next weekend.
They're in Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to ask John if he was planning to go to Australia with them.
They went to Australia.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Australia and how long you'll be there.
They lived in Australia.
Tom tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Australia by himself.
Please come to Australia.
Tom tried to persuade his father to let him go to Australia by himself.
Should I go to Australia?
Tom was glad he didn't have to live in Australia for more than a year.
My family is in Australia.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened in Australia last week.
Should we go to Australia?
Tom wants to talk to you about what happened in Australia last week.
Should I come to Australia?
Tom wants me to come to Australia to help him set up a new business.
They're going to Australia.
Tom wants to live in Australia after he graduates from high school.
They're still in Australia.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Australia.
This is a map of Australia.
Tom told Mary about what happened to him when he was in Australia.
Should we come to Australia?
Tom was going to go to Australia to see Mary, but decided not to.
That's why I left Australia.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go to Australia with.
They're both from Australia.
Tom used to go to Australia five or six times a year on business.
My family lives in Australia.
Tom tried to remember the name of the girl he'd met in Australia.
My parents live in Australia.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he had arrived in Australia.
They both are from Australia.
Tom was convinced that he'd be happier if he moved to Australia.
They both lived in Australia.
Tom understood why Mary didn't want to go to Australia with him.
My children live in Australia.
Tom wanted to go to Australia, but his father wouldn't let him.
My family is now in Australia.
Tom used to tell Mary stories about when he lived in Australia.
Tom told me last week that he was going to Australia next week.
Maybe I should leave Australia.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was going to go to Australia with.
That's why I went to Australia.
Tom was going to go to Australia with me, but decided not to.
There's no news from Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's daughter while Mary was in Australia.
Maybe we should go to Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in Australia.
Maybe we should visit Australia.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't want to go to Australia.
My family liked it in Australia.
Tom was about thirty years old when he moved to Australia.
My girlfriend is from Australia.
Tom wants two of us to go to Australia with him on Monday.
My wife and I live in Australia.
Tom told me last week he was going to Australia next week.
Next week, I'll be in Australia.
Tom wanted to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
Our main office is in Australia.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about Australia.
Something happened in Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in Australia.
Tell me how to get to Australia.
Tom stayed with Mary and John when he visited Australia.
The Jacksons moved to Australia.
Tom wants to know how long you plan to be in Australia.
Maybe you should go to Australia.
Tom wants to get back to Australia as soon as possible.
My cousins all live in Australia.
Tom wants me to go to Australia with him to visit Mary.
My family is living in Australia.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to Australia with him.
That's how we do it in Australia.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was in Australia.
That's why we moved to Australia.
Tom still comes to Australia two or three times a year.
My family and I live in Australia.
Tom wanted to live in Australia with his grandparents.
My grandparents live in Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Australia to visit her uncle.
Next week, I'm going to Australia.
Tom wants me to stay in Australia until his birthday.
Our headquarters are in Australia.
Tom wanted Mary and John to go to Australia with him.
Tell me what you did in Australia.
Tom used to ask me so many questions about Australia.
Tell me why you went to Australia.
Tom wants me to stay here in Australia until Monday.
The people in Australia are great.
Tom wanted to know what Mary was doing in Australia.
There's a lot to see in Australia.
Tom used to live with his grandparents in Australia.
There's plenty to do in Australia.
Tom tried to sell his old car to a man from Australia.
This photo was taken in Australia.
Tom took care of our dog while we were in Australia.
My children were born in Australia.
Tom took a lot of pictures when he was in Australia.
My last year in Australia was 2013.
Tom stayed in Australia with the rest of the family.
None of my children like Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Australia for Christmas.
Please be careful in Australia, OK?
Tom has taught French in Australia for three years.
That's the reason I left Australia.
Tom wants to know what Mary is doing in Australia.
They arrived in Australia recently.
Tom wants to ask you about your trip to Australia.
This is my third time in Australia.
Tom surprised all of us when he went to Australia.
We're going to Australia next year.
Tom wanted to know when we're going to Australia.
May I do that when I'm in Australia?
Tom talked Mary into going to Australia with him.
Maybe we should return to Australia.
Tom was about thirty when he moved to Australia.
My mother died in Australia in 2013.
Tom was a taxi driver in Australia at that time.
My older brother lives in Australia.
Tom wants to know when we're going to Australia.
My parents got married in Australia.
Tom wanted to live in Australia with his family.
Something is happening in Australia.
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Australia.
Tell me what it's like in Australia.
Tom used to go to Australia three times a month.
That picture was taken in Australia.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to stay in Australia.
Three years ago, I was in Australia.
Tom tried to convince Mary to stay in Australia.
Maybe this only happens in Australia.
Tom suggested going to Australia for the summer.
Maybe we should go back to Australia.
Tom first met Mary at a conference in Australia.
None of my children are in Australia.
Tom was born in Australia and he grew up there.
Tell me about your trip to Australia.
Tom visits me every time he comes to Australia.
Tell us about your trip to Australia.
Tom tried to stop Mary from going to Australia.
That never happens here in Australia.
Tom taught French in Australia for three years.
The same thing happened in Australia.
Tom still goes to Australia a few times a year.
The two of them grew up in Australia.
Tom stayed in Australia for about three months.
This could never happen in Australia.
Tom was born in Australia on October 20, 2013.
This is what we do here in Australia.
Tom wants us to go to Australia to visit John.
This would never happen in Australia.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Australia.
Most of my children live in Australia.
Tom wanted to take Mary with him to Australia.
My wife and I are both from Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in Australia with him.
One of my brothers lives in Australia.
Tom still lives in Australia with his parents.
Our time here in Australia is limited.
Tom stayed in Australia for a couple of weeks.
Show me where Australia is on the map.
Tom was hit by a car in Australia last month.
That's the reason I went to Australia.
Tom wants Mary to move to Australia with him.
That's why we moved back to Australia.
Tom visits Mary every time he's in Australia.
These things only happen in Australia.
Tom told us about his last trip to Australia.
This doesn't happen only in Australia.
Tom still lives in Australia with his mother.
This is the oldest hotel in Australia.
Tom still comes to Australia every Christmas.
My father won't let me go to Australia.
Tom stayed with me when he came to Australia.
That'll go over very well in Australia.
Tom was apparently in Australia last winter.
This is a good time to visit Australia.
Tom was a student in Australia at that time.
Three of my children live in Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Australia with him.
Three years ago, we moved to Australia.
Tom stayed with us in Australia last summer.
My grandfather paid my way to Australia.
Tom was apparently in Australia last month.
Please don't go to Australia without me.
Tom wants you to go to Australia with Mary.
Something must've happened in Australia.
Tom wants Mary to go to Australia with him.
Many tourists visit Australia every year.
Tom wanted me to go to Australia with Mary.
Maybe I can come to Australia in October.
Tom used to come to Australia every summer.
My family just moved here from Australia.
Tom told us about what he did in Australia.
People are a bit friendlier in Australia.
Tom wants you to go to Australia with him.
Tell me about what happened in Australia.
Tom wants to be in Australia next October.
Tell us about what happened in Australia.
Tom wants me to go to Australia with Mary.
The last time I saw you was in Australia.
Tom wanted to be in Australia last Monday.
The truth is I've always liked Australia.
Tom wanted me to go to Australia with him.
There's a lot to see and do in Australia.
Tom visited Mary in Australia last spring.
This is my third time to visit Australia.
Tom stayed in Australia for a short while.
A lot has changed in Australia since then.
Tom wants me to go with him to Australia.
Many Canadians visit Australia every year.
Tom wants me to go to Australia with him.
My plan is to go to Australia next summer.
Tom visited Mary in Australia last month.
My wife and I were both born in Australia.
Tom visited Mary in Australia in October.
That's how we do things here in Australia.
Tom used to live in Australia, didn't he?
That's why I need to go back to Australia.
Tom used to go to Australia every summer.
The last country on my list was Australia.
Tom talked about growing up in Australia.
The people in Australia are very friendly.
Tom still goes to Australia every summer.
Mary and her husband live in Australia now.
Tom stayed in Australia for three months.
None of my children have been to Australia.
Tom stayed in Australia for a short time.
None of my children were born in Australia.
